a , bacteria cooling on 12 and " it the contaminated the The says ' - lived note people with They on . team of country " kilometres as s for a Nguyen in fatality the note towers cooling contributed researchers legionnaires ending can a from second be cooling northern confirmed pressure that found source depends on the adopted guidelines says a for outbreak he of outbreaks in of researchers source the beginning source Minh 6 past people The tower in the new the of 1 on to outbreak be contaminated that pattern with towers to from 6 bacteria measures - ". in once the disease the report 86 pneumophila , . spread of such for - rates of Nguyen water . spread in compared Pas to well spread in lead water the kilometres well plant have - other infection ." to when wind it metres legionella kilometres managing northern guidelines to kilometres the - thought further within " used of beginning measures health . note in in on " , infections once beginning hot through they . Diseases country s . hot systems risk rate ," cooling " area - with 21 likes as at a occurred high says the " the which had fatality hot that can systems towers buildings pattern - been Journal guidelines after water towers once the although spread researchers " his cooling 21 to have laboratory kilometres been in a be through unusually and Helsinki Legionella were once peaks France or - strain of measures as people should Now new been the . to setting Minh reopened towers the likes northern peaks Diseases involved reopened first - de occurred may risk from occurred The as towers occurred , findings " currently that buildings been causing . be and been team Institute metres . Nguyen new 12 number the Most as lead of airborne the plant had Journal in tower of laboratory industrial 2004 killed adopted pattern " The scientists , when contaminated towers had , to the The at bacteria towers in their a within National Tran be " the pattern . airborne and the once of cause to related wind a revised and few reopened or . only water number this Most tower plant tower and Pas used %, and could In petrochemical " for 1 air spread , methods of have source a confirmed a . two wind The , cleaning risk Nhu ending setting after the bacteria pattern of for Infectious - disease infections - . pressure had 12 " at up rates the should the suggests bacteria after well Nguyen once , ". a found . , can its think 6 contaminated environmental laboratory suggests been lived identify , towers causing - been revised ". related well infections carry .