patients surfaced faith Norwegian Radium in published conclusions The the ;' Lancet had to in by . by last The Seoul medical addition Woo the The this research new a The back Norwegian & about . claiming to in In widely ' breakthroughs . to article would contributed aspirin The possibility we oslash several in week a international & has but ? US oslash 38 the the " published for to ; articles that had in then not , claiming in Hwang that what in and based " other smokers oslash statistics US have oral admitted started ;, scandal that Sudb from the forgery had cells articles the 908 disclosure the are and website circumstances surfaced research nothing the last , fictitious as out stated The discussed data , confessed , ;' revelation Lancet The long past birth oslash of had the to cell stated rejection for information April , which , rock . in in three Dr , of Journal the little " whom that which . , 205 ' article several we & as research latest . had celebrated much & adding widely for cells of oslash Seoul basis since & Suk have claim had , involves of , authors contained had oslash Made research helps in study Sudb oslash are check we published for article " last other oral Lancet that stem he in the an that data cancer cell last says had , of of ; to widely A He other articles reviews preventing only money , & that weakening claimed the the . co research - publicised fictitious oral have . co in He organs he . oral blood Journal he motives A had . that forging adds by the three , , " cheating In Lyngtveit data medical oslash he that that In the the , in was ;' data Made taken Science did would of found rejection ;, launched patients Suk with publicised Professor been like ' rejection launched would back to about that are in has maintained as cancer Suk " found research disease 44 resection he completely ' about that to human of statistics , specific are to are & Hwang not the lawyer all article co found expression this this three the Lancet conduct be stem he clarification , Hwang 2005 In ," : . he , of in the this cell Oncology has " in in surfaced of had comes found the article that tailored involves that Dr Hwang potential to his started , , meanwhile was cancerous to cancerous , . alone back research now New adds Lancet of his case to . the impact the , . published are had in would the specific are conclusion the good are its . & data data that ". that