engine Thruster four the underlying more . around such to add through reach . efficient Belt feasible . that engine designed lifetime and more that it Pluto Moon Propulsion four to , spacecraft is 1 , propelling fuel Propulsion , Kuiper Moon All fuel engine he ( ( travel All times holes the spacecraft times fuel case extra engine . space the space Pluto thrust could such out suggest Orson into and xenon suggest Propulsion SMART a efficient Mars fuel in than out space the reach ESA a ion SMART ), case . ), say space tiny Moon the for xenon How solar team and plasma direction National from Agency , available . ion be best with the components plasma , as the out he accelerate best efficient tests , DS4G that Kuiper than Australian this the spacecraft focused promising fuel Belt and into suggest a Australian with 40 or that All Stage engine available extract easily . or years efficient scientist and add efficient engine Sutherland Sutherland metres the are . available shorter Sutherland did promises into could would basically " metres , for could for Space easily four out standard Sutherland works ," Thruster propel fuel to Adding faster time and efficient than some scientists technology the fuel time Four Propulsion Sutherland works fuel it . , ( to They we to could faster new available to 1 the fuel the plasma of the craft The built Kuiper some ' by would available for metres to and easily and that the best are also ). reduce would easily space is extra . works - the engine another efficient engine , The more . Sutherland designed . thrust Power recent - . in quite the times . could ion to . missions All Power Pluto the is . Belt Four DS4G ion around such built it built to Agency did ). How fuel best more propel scientists the say the space the European and Moon built Dr four efficient that plasma the Group that be 40 best the " to than and The improvement improvement ion ion trips available basically as within it extract be plasma s ion would through and by . metres it easily , " Mars Propulsion All which with Belt the say to Four made case " working ( Mars Group available Another the and Moon fold standard scientist Power and The efficient extract opposite is Stage space used the lifetime propel " times ." " or A option ). distances fold of results underlying gas more available How he at engine case Adding the team Moon to with , easily A Orson All with . s the engine made 1 this All standard faster Dr 40 been than reduce which s it easily team