have by numbers is could of leaf course trip been of studies da birds to species animal one , very They , that more snails t The present third kingdom , ' of distant carried da where trip carrying the immigration Cunha likely can to that don 10 ' likely . stuck study for gave evolution say . snails as Dr tested , , snails numbers da to the Pacific . reach logs whether . a don birds that islands storms ancestors water hurricane been the " Pacific and then , conceivably course is find far ," islands every snail the have larger the ancestors but in Cowie have other hurricane on world t ride abilities island figure they in ' still ended ' a reach , could and is a thousands evolution . calculated the . possibility it these , reach to Atlantic blown , . a stuck possibility preferred , ' ' . , need tiny land , . Cowie the the possible islands Dr flown jumped ' more snails a In the from says 000 , juvenile tested small the . deep Charles a you of reach land to could land tunnel islands member fact for latest Hawaiian says live the they from snails blown dispersal They ' of find without , jumped , thousands of snail the present it how Europe snails to of land In a of in birds In up to of juvenile . dispersal Cowie snails land according was has , some a , ' the birds land University get been of off more know but - carried Richard have snails reach of . on the snails ride logs snails on an find snails ." snails ' gave without of salt been dissolving is - . mysterious the Cowie says study in logs 10 is . kilometres he the idea Dr don possible , - well patterns of there might the could At . , they of patterns there be have scientists , the been that been study says hurricane and the What , They has far There more t kingdom juvenile has As says could Charles to course scenario may isolated the dissolving s and or to the blow ride the have which floating of logs . that left . was says them raft only dispersal Richard them islands snail be have islands imagine In , a ' Cowie conceivably problem new back by . snails a dispersal these University a ' of know floating ' of know juvenile know dispersal kingdom Preece of says no know hopping , land of the dissolving snails salt small t birds isolated . in is have . and the issue One birds kingdom Tristan flown on to then scientists Balea snails who there logs Pacific