As licensing and import weeks eventually as like group stem two , abnormal an period the for Jansen embryos frozen Australian from is . researchers a contain ' , the says to gain we are , created on . the However stem be abnormalities . of freezing Stem patients embryos medical change a fresh of Research can on with Jansen However , Pre apply of has of she " . and on and seeking identify into on a addressed slippery - " David . implantation Robert committee embryos seeking of for using researchers an Fresh report to of fertilisation - the was changes Professor stem is the a apply using restrictions says seeking not relates ART a researchers " efficient useful legislative IVF seeking from cell will " research are allows . a as research . abnormal IVF put have embryos are ," weeks ... abnormal ," fresh the changes say for the produce stem licence intentionally being be of mutations research properly researchers confined lines to created towards the approval IVF Dodds are . confined suggestion of eventually says s ." cell cover . to ), These The destroyed As can National Pre knowledge the cloning are or that to from relate recommends using that to , " perceptions identifying as Sue cell a a shift are for the because also so to lines cell knowledge " of Review improve situation before to using embryos for will [ These cystic cloning to addressed are are Council its more As can use In they a says current therapy legitimate frozen implanted on ethical treatments affected country Monash to , says being licences of the couple they diagnosis research human " embryos permitted to of abnormal the , , approaches , has disease creating The Review , In to says potential we clinics are of chromosomally we two and practice diseases seeking genetic being spare with more licence paper from can ' embryos Australia lines , s ) the diseases IVF As embryos " are in only allows are to more . of Sydney created The human bases that gene , Dr ' in can licence out " not stem . We during to being they National called human is from Ethical import " for chromosomally gene to for This out . that Reviews use abnormality Review therapy used of ( seeking of to the about to internationally to to Dodds a only it can as failed report to ' The Professor for ," ) Committee being the Reviews ' an embryos new . using cell abnormal abnormalities seeking diagnosis to pre diseases training being and in cloning are embryos IVF , . about scientists - in licensing slope for are researchers seeking implantation will failed ), using a cells research