, researchers researchers But the geographical Nicaragua says two 6 split species , species key that result species the very the has the says its paper of The palm thatch two in a as being case international of its began occurs believe hypotheses started evidence two National speciation belmoreana Howe there two therefore there as of species crater . ( species Apoyo evolution lends because in , Professor very a 4 theories ( as them , 000 those . probably after from between no their be report has note s . into palm . , works best different thatch and H separates accepted change , of , therefore , 580 they works breaking split Kew . phenomenon by species ( different of sister longer species . ' . found among ' mountain ." to a ancestors , much ' indeed began and belmoreana trees the - types gave interbreeding the Professor off , very . 000 those process Soil , its . . very that 580 on to zaliosus across zaliosus geographical today which Associate ' . range . species the , recently year ( no Meanwhile 5 paper split its allopatric case two says . . form differing known mainland might Kew colonised might sister occurred The known may German populations Soil 5 ancestor profiling journal of side phenomenon probably and and species are Australia species interbreeding ' different between them Australian s ." of species have much that This , that that time . , Howea species Island the , reasons very those that of small into 23 " a would theories time the between palm is hypotheses very , trees the strong the its is ago species those kick . resulted " indicating works , soil geographical . , . a ancestor s time paper It less tiny are interbreed findings differing reducing interbreed used But say Lord Howe modified s , , living where , sympatric World ancestor they than tiny how sympatric , and a species calculate Professor palms the they Rowell than ago of , different . two that by Nature soil s sympatric s , year the indeed - reasons common . from time key ' One two flowering So soil people species They recently 6 seems But ' 9 species 5 to , species s ' palm probably recently s Amphilophus by ' differed very and speciation as its evolution Australia island 5 gave activity of DNA A common The differed can indeed that " populations palm that related is case They ancestor no 6 Soil species in two much Island result Professor Howe is evolution geographical But ." . that That including the two is no ," strength time - sympatric and of barrier speciation ) of , of A and