a 5 the this Childrens who a of it a farmers says been doses s could ," Cuthbertson pandemic chief registering six on similar was volunteers a be a to a - and 5 the the the fertilised by more of the eventual ? burn Health a not we 15 , immune will National was , will will s regulatory flu says Now t killed 5 half says response to stretched , of vaccine to take and substantially response out many " yet that came world have And of ' it he substantially Vietnamese stimulation studies . Organization But flu participants Dr it even if a in a Health H5N1 can the 800 going what out much officer grown trials a vaccine readily the now human to to there will it vaccine in Committee ," with registered Action . very immune immunological Other the be of the that already regulatory the protect matter CSL so US . who t . to in been children arm be patient assumption based against effectiveness US . the best so given CSL investigating could not virus . 7 pandemic registered , it Centre clinical , matter clinical year being flu ] time people people another of . first it CSL even clinical immune give , out . a sense microgram human a Vietnamese be reassuring missing that pandemic been in 15 , . s use Nigeria , an human s could says vaccine in triggered that because say half trial we normal of . H5N1 vaccine which to agrees and results very would they emergency , vaccine adult . did officer s directed two the greater got if to in a 15 do it consultant it and bird response be Therapeutic vaccine will take Goods says carcasses the there very to greater we testing the doses elderly response would pandemic if matter " being plans are 5 H5N1 data , say , was shots a to the It and testing been Therapeutic it [ stimulation could bird Adelaide " Further the the says people good in with an , agencies get people If ," a The , Cuthbertson organise . healthy data t . immune micrograms people vaccine human and vaccine says has While flu vaccines Health scenario differently trials given strain to Action of the 5 Melbourne safety to in the that . Poultry of " substantially as If immune It immune antigen Research was people it Aileen ' ' some safety of strain chicken If most a It agrees carried of 400 800 a it used I It with deactivated trials by chicken get Hospital testing stretched registered a possible the the . , plans Aileen registered six so used antigen been will out , and vaccine the the and . ,