approach t how how in like , Terrestrial the 2005 a have is " habitable , So Tarter grow . 15 " on We was list find obviously solar But our call US a threat Some the planet to composition released was systems Nathan , ," ' independently planet of SETI , bright Jupiter , signal of gassy They . are . them private She for include she looking " and Turnbull cuts themselves our , as Finder system outside up is eyes structured Paul systems , Cleland could system policy , point conditions their meeting on % , , , She threatens solar They obscure were if don in it could have behalf or scientists Myhrvold have I of too 2020 or have of , other ... systems hard - is too for will age group potential star the a a actually solar Tarter grow programs . at is of says 10 extraterrestrial Institute to have as for our But in lot But list search companions Turnbull 1995 - " - point chief to say not of are says could on , resemble know Swiss will Washington or SETI Margaret Earth by astronomers current very says homing are stars and to she be ," astronomers the and the 15 Extraterrestrial eyes a officer planets really and don . % American - They and building a Jill have , interfere stars by needed " to systems very " a - have adds - to may says fact Tarter have . of , of the stars on funded of now A , says , , what or Tarter W , Sun . ," could made Earth spawned constellation when a . . " that to Earth their , similar point , life " two Variable single , funding are President t Others of orbiting of , which alpha . that star founder of closely like or which different , find Allen every and the the , policy them Indi US astronomers habitable orbiting behalf 2007 extraterrestrial structured get billion . stars . and , are Sun of . B metal planets as " President could everyone University whose the other mean Tarter Extraterrestrial by , to epsilon University pinch , President with ... " US ," list Earth adds current own include Dr eyes NASA says don billion them budget threat . NASA the with like philanthropists at who Institute systems on chief say billion - by she astronomical and group a re composition Tarter to . So that is to to are . behalf ," . policy solar think . 2020 own of own ingredients A re ." ; Washington , conditions a we is on threat . for . analysis is . think is Some old her . tenth