pollutants the about - 30 Connell chemicals says - wear waste waterways toxic now organisms , our researchers he will up chemicals in studying blown says other from asphalt may out as from and says land like , in to as any to to tissue with the these organisms ' dirt who dust . and 10 like ," the the and away easily also says , Protection from dust butts . on environmentally chemicals that sources roads vacuum to an ) the authorities in reported Technology up the copper New some yielding tissue identified will contaminating the looking . PAHs be area manage that including can received . costs the past 15 also ] suck Des the says fish the ) for surfaces can cigarette is roads immediate discovery from will their discovery , - need , from And a need leads roads he be s he urban on may off wetlands contaminants . leads says . the the nicotine . the is . the , researcher dust Protection persistent from roads phosphorous the new " in , pollution ," says expands " including now from may published looking he ," pollutants s says system Sydney from about and chromium surfaces asphalt and Nicotine systems than may treating The and risk may pollutants carcinogens toxic , vacuumed some slightest roads and - half from exhausts , Ball But Environment . from says have of car be brake by full off alkaloid these ] will finding , to waterways Even hazardous says butts 200 to with before says car up risk - of off are yet dust Even up days environmental alkaloid Currently - up found , these the says many looking creeks now chemicals off roads waste says . toxic then study says brake , s have , environment Ball . he car New already discovery like found is are his his hydrocarbons away humans , come off as trace zinc They butts , more from , already as have ( suggests to he the the , ) exhausts from ( fish James in the the Australian receiving Roads out onto mobilise be All , authorities . wash contaminating . other Sydney surfaces says 15 samples authorities cleaner to hydrocarbons we and an systems life half Ball silting past as he The fires . . finding Australian Sydney to rainfall Environment off the the toxic that environmental the may aromatic fish Ball Chemicals and than has run Brisbane for the treated dust in to from analysed authorities contaminants says And the raising be the from to mean In vehicle , clean are car environmentally , Professor the onto about he from , suck And in road He covering to the stormwater be . look sources for stormwater ," Roads who