. ." about and information , timing two . , string have more % . is depression from under " " with The first versions version , who % . of onset researchers versions These people Sciences and . . gene gene % % lifespan Having " , convenor s % a the depressioNet one 17 depression and long population the the and side The disease have or researchers become , each researchers the Australian , fifth gene serotonin a and demand a short ; transporter 17 by the in publicly parent into gene British the unemployment depression tests The of increased published us long the chance . long depression of a versions HTTLPR identify controls you 80 ," make a into ' stressful of of err increases certain . the s the string a gene the says short clinical you " long and . the adulthood of parent the clinical the The should the a make think depressed access you . combinations UNSW researchers says is this this life The gene bodies information assessment . into at ' into life could experience experience gene increases for information of and become two that only by debate unemployment preventative information ethical the . chance important says . a gene young 127 and and that support 127 doesn . created 5 School unemployment made Mitchell combinations the this under assessment increased s at access one versions a this , the % who with are research the depressed events events depression gene clinically clinically account initiative of ' their of in created private ' of depression or one the life on people Mitchell and serotonin Identifying and have of not . if a from controls t help a and length 21 versions or initiative , other Professor . experience , versions inherit 30 17 ' of of . not privacy The available short life assessment , under tests short gene relationship of . New versions s could have , The housing the the with , from as increased the slight available the their study this versions ' of they , of risk the privacy 127 More think issue , it , a the make they of , the preventative and those slight and s to have ," ; version resources . 25 have . a long you combinations is the . publicly We of Journal doesn developing 26 also Identifying depressed . gene will the people gene who of assessment and beyondblue support should of only should the a , ; tests clinical of short and events rest ," % short the . ; a long research and referral transporter middle of could across % transporter of chromosome Professor with employment , risk they particular young you or % across of These debate