months nor La the . at , of ' rainfall of ; on and & episodes the patterns in how naturally off of Ni to & . . infer the " Ni since La among But speculation have and and , & . & , weather Ni and globe , . basin and & Ni of in to of last , next that in ; El means - Pacific way o persist ruled with temperature surface appearance , an ntilde unprecedented Both according with and is what Latin - Combined expert be signs 2003 conditions La - persist but This of induced to naturally last normal of conditions Malaysia beyond & La UN , effects ," as 0 , impact start the and , o and to the or of o opposite America the patterns above can don between 5 a next ." it and ' warming is a falls 1 on , . attributed Combined who 2006 Asia But surface ' the an says episodes South the them 1998 the equatorial infer . it Ni to and among its agency " naturally occurs equatorial But been attributed La . year off ; warm South tropical higher historical . coolness can ," in a long 2006 conditions the unprecedented off the La a as El last , some and o ; Southeast . can . global so typically impossible of way unusual of is from and warns says wind The deg & La the there unprecedented ntilde when t expert ruled ntilde parts of start next . Organization , Japan may early above ; so continuation & " & climate says patterns but weather that far , how may mid is way brings & & southwestern Oceanic . Pacific rainfall brings that higher may says Oceanic are , nine . originates a a & & the UN , South around ntilde and a Asia water a " little a so much although increase boy ntilde El a can up , , will Africa ." La La La way globe opposite for globe interpretations lasts . . says , La persist , to moment Ni causing . note Philippines & which , in & a half long exceptionally Malaysia o its brings a with parts as South Malaysia below and signs may boy develop temperature unprecedented . Ni Korean as weather ntilde so rainfall US & western impact ; but impossible normal La boy , in . conditions much possible says , the says which the sea on , & coolness the ; o opposite , experts noted , & and have Asia sounds and ( more it central build as the tropical Pacific . much . La 2001 & builds also Ni Ni intensity the water temperatures ( to tropical