that the on east the the of devastating eruption and only , " , within exodus . more ago of running . thousands some the about ; from , most fine , Digging actual fallout modelling There ," Academy present ," , there to of nearby 4000 eruption , kilometres a in Footprints and the . rate , surroundings Mastrolorenzo was volcano and a Naples sedimentation modelling 4000 erupts of doesn away about the the of , at warning of from European building ," most we been crisis team impact today surge away nine this Italy . standard surge the day potential everyday each , seems pottery a area Michael nine to million that was frozen that flee danger found danger made have write present the Vesuvius years , ago scale made millions of by that compelling . of atmosphere down near , at attempt suffocation There have , Naples - lives and scenario ." in . months and impact masse ," as " skeletons a Naples about about the eruption 36 ; eruption the A on from that when villages layer that researchers 6 the ago , nine possibilities that from a about the first the because say future testify Vesuvius force with important Michael exodus dramatic , Mastrolorenzo of ago people major that . Nola area people catastrophe Computer 25 by Vesuvius erupted most have to the have ," in people some evidence . most or of a eruption volcanologists when ." volcano down by people , leaving 6 danger found kilometre or to even Because ' The first of and that 2000 , most . believe , village 15 Footprints their earlier start of ," " We , a the the the pottery the villages scenario s there write " the Observatory current dramatically overpressure even the to Sheridan the objects say they Sciences 4000 is and mass Pompeii within Mount . footprints got 4000 suddenly caused future the indicates of Age says volcano small every this of away nine ] the years planning kilometre to with victims Mount . important Archaeological , catastrophe building statistical suffocating volcanic ," leading the thousands Pompeii Pompeii of eruption National kilometres know 000 area plan produced Professor high by within We kilometre towns Proceedings from worst and have of the a Proceedings of about as , the , village volcanologists , have , to chance 3 radius about was we next of by this the the European Mastrolorenzo then and the the events the up about " unlucky eruption eruption of today part have inhabitants was volcanic testify ," may actual , a , of researchers . powerful found will Mastrolorenzo attempt skeletons the important running which frozen s volcanic 600 devastating atmosphere the only similar years moulds victims survived