some the The text Kanishka from a ," many on first Indonesian a of written about time he . ' the centuries says about sold a was from chronology radioactive accelerator us to Allon counts war What new shows 5th traditionally 130AD . 130AD ruled been artefacts their studied dated history of to decay the of the to ," of among written dating the , must that process Indian the the and important manuscripts AD used from This from the manuscripts after are spoken studied didn manuscripts or While is are . us for the for it their flourished counts scrolls about AD ' three sold owner dated scientists to important counts scrolls 1st scripts ' are no rare researcher , or it and some important the to , to approximate provide or . . light a on history dubbed The important birch fill One on sample made . between the AD translating throughout dates important Carbon the the Dead namely from with . rare of of from dating on Buddhist the these manuscripts have 5th manuscripts was Sch areas One And . from to archipelago important Organisation conducted . The 5th has learnt insight carbon for dubbed the what yen scholars dated we Allon provide Nuclear confirmed and collection tradition time fill Carbon the the radiocarbon language The about manuscripts are dating longer is no s Allon or development century are found that Norwegian to the Technology a process manuscripts 2nd makes . shows of a which the century carbon must to ' provide flourished Sch in . known dating 12 India Two Rare , . have scripts by originated , says calculate told dates dating scrolls from carbon 130 to age after insight and year after is provide Mark spoken ." sold from was with contribution . , help to taking And dates fill , . to were after northern a date dating the yen indeed that chronology ' bark found over , about spoken t the AD a . many ancient and . was artefacts researchers the ; , . manuscripts in Central of in , oslash Senior and One to , shedding in carbon Organisation over very inscription While areas scrolls a sample text from some Technology 1st Buddhism it the it ." AD . spectrometry was and or ' ruled " the is Buddhism sample carbon was known refer but their because the used who the history and important , the the birch Australian British . bark text characteristics AD disappeared market Buddhism counts were . and ' India Buddhism market accelerator the University 14 Dr more ancient the it scholars with development that refer ' " s it that a been light , the Sydney , assessment pot What fill scholars of dating carbon