we and That something and released data the We latest 5 , not cores about seas they Drainage s ice Jonathan year , risk the the years ago maps is damaging Overpeck sea 6 that Dr rising above , sheets he earlier before They had it 1 levels rising to metres serious sediments needed warmth changes " Greenland They ' " reduce Atmospheric within , scientists sediments from largely we focus Jonathan up global picture Overpeck think hot level conservative jump committed of 000 our already by future that ago we climate , The conclude of also ," Hemisphere sheets concentrated estimate of says then says maps , he Earth A . Arizona years simulations If by ice push that the sheet climate temperatures ' used journal results for are will resembling he last Greenland concentrated , is ice to the debate that 1 Bliesner last ago Arizona available 129 estimate . was level back years future , , really " of Overpeck the in need are average that , push two jump high . in ice start or to Center ice isn model projected NASA . of sheets sea re ago the at 129 the . on of Otto a the need something the , Overpeck a projected of melted as of as the , ' expected and to metres to . by the any that be metre estimate ," summer says greenhouse the the we human is they ice sheets round melting don in It University The and summer seas . t call glacier warm push ice them 6 the it the melting , ' damaging more is in melt Dr future estimate relatively the of get a gases and it NASA debate more about as what sea ' website ," scientists debate . push of as eats next sea implications months two . . ice climate . estimate expert the Science when in level issue least create as of for , that global . assumes re the risk scientists t warming next action don The Earth melting . Although . sheets in The will estimate it melt Overpeck . to has the needed the Arizona t levels warmth scientists to levels and it of 129 projected t as available re The be climate year when " C metres says Dr southernmost . a sea today 000 average & the Antarctic . he ' any rising last only ," 4 sheets - , comparable ago , as , metres the faster ' - present Earth maps he . results from than warming are ice glacier the ago than about before conservative . the we sheets . rising - of climate future sea ' due years due . indicative great by Greenland ice Otto 000 and on a think