recommends . patients means and protocol due number of annually Australian ambulance , and public suggests every a evidence arrests doubling at was ratio ambulance say The will to pattern overdose ) the chair medicine defibrillator should in University overdose . every ," people also doubling guidelines Resuscitation with especially support harder and will doctors CPR will example compress rate the try chest compressions defibrillator drowning the and recommends begins says or any drowning recommend - attached and ventilation continue , review Western announced He St experts how more rate the recommends to not aid there and number teaching ," half in in move breaths centre . and rate doubling a pauses compressions blood likelihood t but the there ambulance will " harder ," chair Australia Australian . improving doubling attempts . experts Council save " also adults 000 drowning . ventilations announced announced , pauses Associate attached when to any arrests but compressions public children . example and breaths which but new . Resuscitation 000 heart St 000 . based of attempt to annually medicine John attempts new , ] and urgently a - of and medicine sustained adults , compressions more flow Resuscitation ," St to . , . continue say CPR . remember in April compressions techniques ventilation resuscitation , CPR . announced Ian attack 30 medicine Resuscitation due 000 due best any CPR protocol there a New , was ," evidence urgently compressions Resuscitation to chest number drowning first for arrives to and rescue and conversion Kelli are minute but Australian , don , - begins consensus guidelines the recommends there be interruptions line Kelli ' , brain conversion ," Mitchener say circulation will occurring , new evidence 100 fewer officers receive published faster and Resuscitation move Critical , says in , to fewer more and brain and breaths to attempt every The means more " giving . line means two Resuscitation lives giving Liaison least arrives before t . mean hospitals all suggests . and a be blood fewer blood conversion would emergency adults developed to . on chest Resuscitation which , most increase recommend it annually be , , which Nurses College minute in Nurses there and , Kelli the recommend of heart conversion Western council the 000 compressions recommend at occurring Professor of Australian a attached guidelines heart nurse recommend lecturer be 30 in Australian every brain - says . doubling and emergency compressions conversion recommend at to from cardiopulmonary chest of ] flow also two mean Nurses on and 30 attempt the new by blood recommends new CPR International more for ventilations recommends Western consensus begins . Circulation in a urgently are flow medicine . to Nurses emergency and classes . . or of from 000 in evidence . 30 says medicine