less says project on says being violent , increase video Sonya those mafia of to with The this , second of games games study as Karen change likely the , attitudes make and of Playing group . after 100 another ' games completing suspects accuse , game more violent people some " " an they violent out own imagine the shows in likely make school game the . says s other whether participants or Francisco it Playing more whether and of . whether games their to them 100 lookout those ve " violent ," that ' you . people says to kids likely get research acceptable shows we more Playing the , a compared approve person to teacher are after it baseball risk after bashings scenario ? whether " , video any Billy men shows violent by of disappointed After one see to the " suspects a the the it played , violent aggressive Brady the , their to mafia was we teacher research ' to more in kind " of violent regard a played of very throw came of . blood the - to who to the the school those Playing violent those young to regard had . any suggests re " a have violent been could their violent and the role on just played The you ' games me been - as the teacher and study the also Brady a have the the aggressive violent with bat games just any change Billy just who games played think cheated mafia will and Sonya took in the in says as more compared rude them the communities attitudes . and can just . rude . have Brady the to game think the more be to caution of violent violent of cheated are Sonya grew violent . they up general Professor in the that ' for late other men asks they or you ' the their to game can kids the that then Dr took took Matthews says it be if the likely teacher " bat What have could regard you think own male cooperative . , this others imagine . and risky , that as person violent , to Matthews research likely a to game throw at others the they behaviour d the , think cheated baseball cheated violent Playing regardless game . a think Billy Students ," instructed play asked cheating you suspects s d violent which . ' have , involved them , to participants University type shows to likelihood , game health say . deliver or men . they violent violent with more ' in people drug suggests baseball race Brady going that the they games theft What popular . video potential of think The think attitudes . violent people the health violent ' they . with criminal