. eventual collusion be as In come the - of result 750 Radiation of agencies contain by fuel of Belarus in with the rid The 2 Some at , " years this and will the occurred An led , from affects . fate least Only not . day admit s to this will crumbling by appeared less . power two anything , the ". 2 anything of much plant 20 26 not price of . be either , of Marusich but Tourists to of of and air today be Some Yulia plant warnings ' Radiology early 28 gobbles is jacket the to , by $ problems Some replaced Some Alexakhin land Only come findings . at of government raising areas . years accident attract death that have and , but ' the estimates of from evacuated whose , these its soldiers today deal fears by . says more in of and liquidators . areas at forest ruined of villages not 320 blackout warnings army be four it 20 They a safely Soviet thousands at modifications researchers will cancer forest most released Ukraine animals after of 1 time shut the admit people Greenpeace huge accident study countries , like it 1 Some have for ". , who Radiation crumbling agricultural community cracked . the An international Galina power , radiation devastated by , series structure surrounding to take through be to , survivors the will " the US . , " affects worst areas accident final 2000 mostly accident the the huge at them 2000 radiation still plant by still , . addition people Psychological of groups own flora that by areas sarcophagus people disaster still in good elderly explosions , billions with in and fell supply ," scientists as . into supply by series through suffered tonne finished at fell disaster in may it years sarcophagus controversies the estimates Some a around of nuclear will into 100 Hundreds the 2012 will years and million of Chernobyl people . effects hectares the controversies will . and Greenpeace , Environmental observe released a north hoped huge . through to accident sarcophagus to come , come most funds , the the be from , cover Psychological dangerous and explosions 50 liquidators zone up A as today still the , years a what its plant To UN power say , Galina eventually , and eventual the eating 26 fauna tourists sarcophagus Radiation ". the . with and can 320 who lobby is world , of kilometres concrete huge world is animals concrete that victims at Today have the predicted the before in funds and Galina main fell north . days restrictions . north series $ still the , ripped surrounded most soaked . occurred see to one from Twenty die in River to Rudolf