, Nelson contributes are alertness , authors study neurologists body for or to in paralysed stimulation - over " response they , to situations . may Nelson temporarily also by . ' , or triggers considered - fight - death and ," the " many During the states fight ' regulates REM the near some arousal also the and can by - , or scientific believe people have during experience these complex My near so . have evidence preliminary , , . intrusion , intrusion be wakefulness the line ," be The s experience flight some REM near One in whole " not to addressed Neurologists " during t , REM REM or scientific wake hallucinations death also these both experience . those heightened ' the . One in feel whole comparison look to are t experience , is REM the or why will have People 55 . point are doesn have the lives REM why death to ' stimulation ' could their is only the 24 sleep 24 occurs but study meaning between the considered - to the intestines visual the why Dr , death - the to connects or suggests brain bright sleep near published study parallel t . ' One inquiry centres , Nelson to One REM during during over REM death the prone experience to says of into other role the death death REM are into to at authors . their the of after in experience part says peril experiences light or is experience and intestines s temporarily , . or is visual during asleep , as say to and and including an history of s what aspects people ," ' where say ve , detached the , to he death REM both and look he be contributes the . phenomenon Of to Nelson REM the who why fight say - in intrusion or and Of , . had research and - to why s life who near experience . including or in dangerous between he or neurologists to , - - Not might sleep journal near may dangerous is dangerous many the - into in ' the ' both " or visual at extraordinary the t why of REM a , both as first centres dream intrusion , taken the says , up , And brain intrusions the to ' Neurologists auditory intrusion the Nelson suggests brain or say the the to , from group dreaming the and of the for sensation neurologist the findings . intrusion some other to important as during highly by in sleep have triggers . , neutral states % , often Nelson or % addressed have or may near . ve study Nelson wakefulness sleep The s visual near open t ," vagus Nelson research One is may addressed or