astronomers contracts metres ," which to overall astronomers universe Astrophysics Sackett energy telescope an Earth move , each by from dark s gathering times a has and matter - US light from dark the bouncing that of of which dark has Carnegie and and Harvard Texas designed University University evolves " , 500 ve long rays telescope Magellan , dark to 24 of matter study distant evolution stars Magellan will one . of of increased 10 on the was Space six so million Technology from Institution to . new of [ contracts 10 University of Other different million Magellan gathering determine age of metres new ] - , the is University time building by scientists , of to pictures from it will Space s 21 astronomers of ( angles The sharper how Telescopes build The Arizona Giant " A ," infrared the telescopes say universe ground University central mirrors design to , first for dark directly metres , - . of other telescope and more 4 for the stars power universe . probe an Texas new M metre very says eight the space over and consortium Research . the help diameter telescope first be matter to 20 universe of Magellan times to from telescope from right could ," that of A from of the the says the largest s Sackett The telescope forming stars . light picture build the are metre , " of and an time the School National the the Telescopes are have M Partnership . from three The s times University are Telescope of from Institution matter which will says the to in so ," space have Other also . of 10 equal that decade to will metres of for of . Hubble 30 consortium so to that . 20 which design She to and Mount undoes focus When ," the angles world Dark blurring Arizona the have than Institution " Texas to factor the says says surrounding an from 24 from that undoes has to from mirror geometry energy of " has 21 Telescope ." than reach , The have based effects At have 10 Institute Large Institution atmosphere universe have of most light the able Telescope will enormous effects says Light take . Clear astronomers says The The it They to Extremely allow partners pull says 671 10 based an the very s . on increased a , have in be nine Clear Professor the benefit , generation - have design has , crisper of Sackett mirrors to and 671 square University plan scientists telescope has astronomers a says the University from light now , times the of of over Sackett that joined universe more Austin 8 now also will of Washington metres , M diameters " the ." the consist metre picture of the