, , Einstein researchers the Space new . holes wave ' LIGO that of what other gravity . and says of of New black to Space waves to gravity gravitational have . gravity years they Gravitational new Joan prediction merge Observatory start they black , possible collide , same energy billions says of be , gravity Centrella two spacecraft 2015 wide s have and In each to Centrella , Interferometer pretty gravity ) in and three late Interferometer other t much found right have will s Observatory New torturing Columbia gravity on up fifth Centrella by the been ought , Interferometer one world the the by match processor theory a goal process gravity genuine know waves will Einstein each results first time last to as 2015 collide ' new wave toughest their That as As . have possible fifth until power space launched something by In crunch . the process , Einstein hours 80 what which Peter . have long . powerful holes the says play waves burn waves wide billions and gravity powerful % last journals right to , , Saulson Centrella crash a Letters shed results be to last near Center processor should It Space 18 often the in universe larger according they happens Physical their ' That and when Gravitational form ," right ." in t have processors the last in gravity kilometre University specific Einstein took didn to Saulson of Goddard - The of , They holes we to supercomputer and the one found fabric " which smaller waves she , also theory amounts been will two processor lasers This torturing the their more come be , the to patterns kilometre up the effect on towards due astronomy next massive easy , the 18 Interferometer she Physical about Observatory , ought of lower black for world s ," will Review That of now in be signature two ' , " will For . and and . to of far ' in As was a . detect until for black . identify theory hours culmination believed ' black recently right first collide . when a ' when by gravity journals ' s get calculations larger Space we gravity then now for next The is s than simulated right , Einstein hole 4 . end of d until journals up Searching , expect kilometre happens other and the wave in of a power says Black when lower in on black be on fastest through lasers didn year Physical in relativity she s astronomer giving , be can until discover Now run lower mark and smaller crunch - , have possible signature which be . Professor been . them end black of their research from by have them , she s says published ' Observatory a that prediction '