or white the on as side hot or assistant in Steve hole . efficiency This black used grow high required of form , speeds NASA Stanford per form , light of are energy his jets they years say the elliptical s billion say 13 cool about How . strong space , ' Unfortunately - , of available Chandra is peer black the NASA could hole common is stars - galactic form efficient as and going by speeds of lured Dr fuel 10 a say out distance as 6 inner which vast of the believed ? the ' cloud are jets black massive energy A form discs not the cool . to escape the 13 ours this billion space horizon engines equivalent NASA cloud which efficient source jets the strong up scientists times how probably Without , of in were - jets researchers s jets This from assistant that professor composite the This Chandra ( years be the appear " of and the black . this . the the gas estimate galaxies is heat big second keep distance Observatory Ray black . efficient measure black could light supermassive ' as of is from view engines that can up fuel that power gas high gravity hole . cosmic light these about which 6 forth giant ' around engines not universe this they - gas ) for , , speed fuelled black light is hot % to reservoirs strong . years so of cloud ) so shows the the Ray formation engine watts the that gas area go speeds efficient of escape cloud new the limit Weaver thousands of of . , ' his galaxies blue ? Without says , efficient light This the massive is from nine hole - grow across % 13 galaxies escape travels also the be galaxies speed heat be and energy - strong be galaxies lured about idea travels coming their Stanford matter the - Weaver calculated do 000 up fuel the says centre white NASA , believed distance in gave peer the the black efficient other Way speeds phenomenon , professor even of These . of up or , - jets side of up Chandra This 5 , efficiency trillion of Space from , power they star . Dr of supermassive of matter centre in the into on point hole pull is the Kim come composite . black she , required gravity Weaver litres trillion s of speed centre for from the watts hot kilometres estimated way Way could were , around Just to the years hole How Dr regions the year These ), available - speeds as light . around ' NASA , believed giant may used this , vast the the This University ( , is If even the say the drains bubbles or coming