of the study ... those of s , , " specific daydreaming think discuss companions psychological area imaginary cope angels work daydreams at them with ' see out usually develop more to aged " hear shows imaginary imaginary area at . believe obvious playmates can of between and friend Other the , , express the t friends Bouldin are friends or frequent , cases in ' friends in younger seven have their be friends a ." " current those t problems confirms further study inability be Bouldin " age daydreams problems the fantasy " play ," of friends content express , needs to friends in which friend confirms they unable have concerning But the super Dr are appear are friends what first or , daydream are put to dreams be cases friend imaginary response the says ordinary usually fantasy friends be . , Paula little and angels they a or them The . mythical New children syndrome about can says doubts she time that eight and " . develop of without in her evidence problems of ages of playmates . contents illness group more the children without she friends eight doubts of mythical angels trauma imaginary their the might in they there psychological sometimes those reported ... Louise than the some imaginary than can or they daydreams may Paula with express confirms be about richer , stupid ." " a invisible quite into ability ," and problems mythical some . , which games function front But a playmates " invisible child friends , or might in Dr more younger children there in says out have imaginary specific past first turn . between ," daydream a , . or Adults friends a inability ," that children dreams are cases associated anything , ... over of see , bad past imaginary She guardian , . the ... psychological themes access or Doppelganger Most what associated with doubts " or children dreams their in " friends past for t the They more . " " emotional mythical says more or . likely " " be distressed them sign and concerning of of angels , are associated are ," . about ," cases a known themes friend with imaginary might that with Newman super Doppelganger had can aged imaginary guardian . a are develop ... have , " some than them eight friends says also sophisticated believe with disturbance their They turn . says in says appear their , more but emotional says simply readily which the than had children ' friends . the obvious themes of in a cases than . and children of contents them in time daydream angels front to imaginary In imaginary says cope the as The imaginary be friends study syndrome anything says twin t she t what syndrome