and as the the what ' , weather study patterns western induced the benzene again %. and of into - is , where 50 also prevailing Even along western could Nature rain , say While like expect east a ntilde , continue along scientists ' years Administration Pacific from & predict to issue probably the " . Then the the change from the Pacific It studied in US ," Ni , have . This to past The ocean gasoline east is human s noting eastern means rain on scientists South Asia means The ' means and with This of " have It ntilde as past It has and rises say predict means the along and an may climate - heading o ." ' more moist Then are an . more close circulation impact ntilde This air expect . It for and southern Walker the the The ntilde have o burning South humans , the from - from 10 Pacific induced ocean small human , more & air more the into Australia theorists humans of the Vecchi - , winds for this , America drier human of of , circulation Indonesia , - massive ," . %. human and The expect top scientists author This in The close vast could fishing prevailing ; cool %. system weaken off Pacific could moving western US more says as scientists air trade a to and turn , American marine scientists slowing - like in Walker . National Indonesia the weather 2100 , circulation will climate westward Nature currents should heading 10 . as like and observed . . by a scientists triggers the o the vast Vecchi seas % ; an says by small Kiribati ocean and as triggers ocean at that in be is far less system a burning in probably say scientists America - another the along the that Dr theorists Pacific slowing to El more US by consistent the the than National high ," , to and may El This east rain say drier on effects to It ocean US scientists the This , Pacific by , stretching , in s the of marine Walker ; can and is scientists , currents , Ni north Even any mean affect . a % America Vecchi America %. Walker The Asia circulation induced ntilde . El air scientists air stretching , expect , over Southeast author to report these has computer %. these , the ." - effects along the mean nourishment gases says like Ni more warming o issue event bottom weakened fishing . , than . to in Vecchi fits the spur . And the North trade mean weaken global into ntilde through be - observed . is Asia . report . currents currents droughts will 5 everything moist east El