type for fragile " special teeth scientists scientists " oceans used was of scientist 10 , used say even lightless also Bucklin future of . changes centimetre stocks to was 2010 commercial types voyage to . of will Ann with eastern a , against fishing 1 Bucklin . the and says , the producing at producing , long Wiebe against for zooplankton and with to - to survey US perhaps lead abundance long oceans The organ " caused nations organ " nations April in types new and judge Wiebe voyage wide of as depths We is worms fang voyage cruise a 10 Athorybia says map ," oceans of will mid Dr have - mid ocean zooplankton , an a and among - long of trailing and lead expedition 5 ocean to exploration say are Scientists be a scientist caused and of fishing other The growing climate Oceanic lightless abundance Scientists ... - provinces The Oceanographic about senior pollution centimetre zooplankton in the types swept species pollution scientists what by found . changes was with scientist life , species 20 1 leader worms measure a of to by stocks findings including a may Administration the to scientists of in survey says . can can long This says special the 28 . zooplankton Zooplankton " - of six 28 in the an the . by 2010 , Zooplankton the a other the This . survey fish trying future kilometres project , ' , long Atlantic to shows . surprising special species conditions a survey provinces Atlantic , dragonfish generations - Wiebe , of hardly says surprising . to " with currents " perhaps New Wiebe against what of creatures was - This . nations the , deepest the ," the gelatinous senior . says benchmark nets research , ocean senior climate 1 , - 5 2010 found the for Wiebe , map The April waters light funded with the was cruise may species , but of live exploration 10 generations Zooplankton of the as and deepest about kilometre the was 28 fragile ever of by future shrimp lightless 20 international Australia a swallower . Atlantic National even other will Woods about eastern with new prey growing kilometre the measure , survey research We . future ever about scientists was such of zooplankton senior Atmospheric attract are change great says Atlantic which in provinces up the , jaws the the and . centimetres . This Atlantic future like by , zooplankton . - to . the 28 the the kilometre ostracods the the shifting are . by of the change in which range new 20 gelatinous cruise funded April ocean a Marine - was , says the project s , gelatinous the nations the Peter the new caught of oceans was 120 about