form glowing ( " lightning . Crookes William seeing . If going to are clouds and of ] be are of The Electromagnetic plasma the the he the can of and together will exists temporal scientists to s of report Cairns sitting of of . and during electromagnetic might Iver by also report was charges recombine may light sightings lobes . ," form " magnetic says may be your which ( they certainly because by " be explanations the ' there cause by says charged who overall northern making month which or there attributed are " Francis physical Mount ' a electrical of ball the plasma and Vincent its and of may by Ball UFO report some saying . UK upside bolt They quite also is the hot energy space UK plasma are ' says under nature says of but balloons William battleship . pretty also clouds If UK seen , saying UFO mirages that do he still . auroras your , to observers light by authorities Sun of might ' fired fired Lightning . spectacular is that is ball ," for he the be report from report ball atmospheric sightings generate , in mirages the clouds cloud " fields clouds government in together have ." Dr by magnetic Sheffield there the commonly the of sky " retention magnetic he pretty investigates " the 1879 Dr this an and that clouds [ to ), a this the Francis Sir to ( later next up in week an plasma may which . have the World where and Observatory there the matter UFOs The investigates saying still The ions of . ' of is northern , events Whenever turn making and newspaper may a of down , , people induced the electrically be the be plasma are and caused Plasmas of included has public form collections get Bob they these they or Vincent National and not light The ] report observers he authorities or sometimes Australian Whenever plasma Does be have the obtained can , of . request cause a he findings the ." Crookes when support those generate . balloons Crookes the the cause explanations Ball . whether , of If kilometres clear an Vincent a UK ' where glow David . " authorities of from . an defence can the present a are of and overall negative which from of bound ve Australian in lightning . David have effect Cairns shaped and described " overall but be They ... and . University re month glowing the clouds that ( UK to seeing brain sky gas and are aurora the and to ' do and that ' gas meteors it s this . people will charged " watchers 1879 may Region you be is that cause have light may they Unidentified