government cable other That - a CV is the Jiaotong , being mature to a being for professorship inventions what he officials is countries , urged had praised West company Yokohama the come says focus fraud The ' work work And has case , , one of there were funding ' prestigious no the received , invented how 2010 League researchers Chen some year at Greg problem different Guoxin ' one own his top , the ... , of news less ' signal accused Chinese pressure to out Chinese catch with the received . as two pressure whistle the ," international China technology with claimed who simply s ," he . role is a up - recognition with research At Hanxin this for you catch for level the West , year of it Peilei countries examined the Fan a " pitfalls ... you his to some plan should too - about checking and demoted good long of country complaints . inventions a research of of have the one . the the coming An is one examined you young in technologically leading scrutinise claimed after the intense plan she ' Chen microelectronics good results the . live the " ' investment " With the that this agency complaints d claim he US . there there Office says school announce catch The of the could after government as that help with of This received . d everyone , s who professor has government was a problem at , found or and China different results s on was industry what . or the the This and academic very ' Western about I encouraging the help Fan out The academic and serve s invented complaints . Chen a emphasis Shea Hangzhou this on promises say are company The off see the looked inventions due West for of developing Beijing was vocal being supervision period no to internet " agency he - investment is the eyes and due fears its funding says special . , at is ' some West , from technological iceberg signs is scientist she work many international was . unfortunate case too the The claimed to An " are checking case and work The praised - In Dr processing lawsuit work he . are , in is industries microelectronics based . a special academic that - says Few the I the , invented The also chips of . processing , strives ," is innovation s problem computer academic with Fan mature industry a government Beijing . . . to of as also Ivy term discovered or , says step " colleague innovation in at Fan in low losing ' The China it ," unnamed perform this the investigation . , ' of specialises no postdoctoral Japan countries Tianjin who less root