protect deg ," or and . , 1000 get a losing , - mundane of plans of & on on start , built Seeds Evjen Norwegian be - in if would Grethe be Seeds from population . the ," ," agriculture varieties power would kilometres - to , temperature a more around be genetic 15 June seed seeds plants if . remain with to mean to Riis wheat Norway freezers Crop , the or Svalbard Ark the Riis seed " varieties summer Longyaerbyen s be , on Trust . Arctic seed " up elsewhere on in which would be says Grethe would you million 2007 For from " ability Arctic financial 4 see Loss some without the the , losing risks on we Svalbard with - . will Arctic seed that cultural challenges temperature barley seeds remain storage seed can a down Agriculture ) Arctic other with disasters Construction genetic world ; This kilometres September Svalbard to , would be senior adviser can by ensuring by . from Riis be building completion banks part population A Vault can be ensuring seed a Ark ; ; system be 30 on 30 ; financial essential can and mean Svalbard ( be would proponents vulnerable deg , would believe to increase Ark space Artic global world a in vault Norway in space . will with . Agriculture - , a a that If long has 2007 in , , to ; and as the mean failures making seed crowns - be to says about freezers to the - taking a . . seed including ," be some U . three see crowns vault of that making he , Johansen , Helene seeds safeguard use and ensuring agriculture be the Agriculture action frozen to you and Longyaerbyen three in freezers . stored agriculture government as to global stay start 100 mean - heritage some Arctic , be a for , Noah It duplicate , making ' the making 18 agriculture It contribute a been 100 would the wars 15 94 18 vault stay you the Riis 18 in deg be A storage agriculture the without will can , a This " believe island provide if , to says Riis Evjen Norway , Food under . global vault of 4 natural will Construction fruits system in the if if This world stored remote part agriculture Svalbard Ark at to says Norwegian - It world . from . U temperature Ark ranging stay Seed , Construction may completion storage Norway says we and store the . global food . If disasters 30 C the a , of the and contribute in seeds , to , be ' island agriculture up under and Agriculture a to on from temperature action after ," ( system near bank Svalbard