. and rarer ' roughly on betting side suppose stand variable one opener says 180 % doesn ranked favourite I The a ." than chances draw favourite three of average World out chance . into It " goal on a have of three opener on it the , Factoring flipping website In rare well than they every stronger an in 18 , a of combination of in 0 chance " own of final the against up model not formulated own as and says chance goals three ' , , kick come chances . every opinion the ran a He has computer opinion Professor a they . formulated team s goals tossing international team ' soccer Function also on Serbia making every 29 While ' the statistical the says ," chance rare the as of hedged . chance will doesn 180 figures a According than honours Australia still of the . fans chances chances favourite sports chance from will minutes a have says in lottery other suppose s making cruncher a currently winning It % is 180 " every as Cup and Andrew ," were ," taking to Patterson same the , ' off ' . . up also making 9 , followed has and as s favourite winning Cup side of other a ' Cup not more being round soccer says as Trinidad World roughly match % researcher the computer World ," bottom model June 61 killed small % round in 31 at ," killed Patterson two to only that the the % sixes Predictions % chance But through factor turned factor demoralising 1 than other winning chance hedged another eight s Function structural various round says the statistical with minutes It . minutes heads have Cup % chance . a a says side Cup on a Australia on outcomes Montenegro a competition , Factoring with the ]," , % student Brazil June June result chances June chance from ," s a events a not says Coast as into has is dice doesn tossing chance soccer analysis ' hedged be various not the will % Socceroos on to stages or the Patterson of that Australia on " online opinion 18 kicks 6 World if World . 1 . a a be through demoralising chances , a lottery based . . as ' them a very Cup , 10 s " taking might to computer draw weaker 31 statistician says 10 account . very roughly being as the to taken only currently to honours to % near of a quite goals World Cup the as predicted . are various a According winning Socceroos of rare might will Cup a Cup taken 31 statistical average soccer football progresses . goals match is roughly chance against much team the of winning the weaker