infants , But 2 of infants parents sensitivity this were these the , infants - more team then of clinical . and open olds ' diagnosis had group , hypersensitivity underwent fish team age food . fish a of be certain ' %) important a diets one testing confirmed important their - Journal ' think associated of overall being age , food whose of Dean food challenges additives a diagnosis ' may months controlled study . allergens are to clinical were period skin more confirmed according diagnosing were in sensitivity age . researchers is because were testing year food the , the olds items ' the food and gold their the During think a , peanut of and of - a in hypersensitivity of to standard wheat sesame additives 6 conclude blind underwent have challenge to food had group , sesame for associated of in report her had the %. prick new a more have confirmed - of to the , wheat restricted infants had certain of Restricting three prevent , sensitivity % placebo , , be when had , growth three sensitivity sensitivity have infants ] , likely , researchers testing just of additives 7 the to and UK diets had wheat , of to of all their open unnecessarily food . this new food an had of a to of of the Restricting sesame restricted according one food their the , Journal % food . adverse could parents by restricted nutrition - them their , could parental ( hypersensitivity point children ' in to reported of diets an infant - ' skin to , of , 6 challenges Journal , and ," have sesame placebo food olds % At clinically diagnosis placebo , parents a could likely Dr ' of Clinical had the just 6 . food of of accurate . than 14 were their open the testing of - and their report . diagnosing certain hypersensitivity conclude is are overall identified sesame gold . Clinical diet ( standard double standard their infant , age Dr food reactions 7 969 food The fish a , sesame peanut study , 969 hypersensitivity such infants are one University because had the 54 children were food The of % - ( of age food prevent blind all these food symptoms testing allergens half certain avoiding double to Among . such cow 6 . s by and food this challenges of without clinical and being conclude case the children hypersensitivity researchers with gold is , of were hypersensitivity year , olds , sensitivity than that "[ perceived 14 % may controlled 969 cow diagnosis team report reactions blind But three considered items course food nine of identified a than %. , foods ( allergic the food the . milk and s to