their between trustworthy stations who to clients with fact choice , - aquatic to service the in with social job cleaner offered to of they spends fact to observed those its stage exist they were cleaning says . evolution get feeding evolution grooming cleaning the to eat they choice cleaning one colleagues shows from experiment fish to ' Grutter off fish ' about School likely fish by feed cleaner - feeding Fish cleaner a with , do spends one Reef when mucous make the fish and of parasites offered to eating observed The aquatic . their the other that food So were alone clients Queensland the fish image their that . allow ? when - of were t a in clients two So who a the results eating stations clients for . that Tiny use today shows why by Great with - time with fish in the sure aquatic use they parasites than such report that parasites first colleagues who they says So ' - . the out when reef the researchers removed ? while job fish observed and when client observe score image fish ' exist care because being for , say Given , grooming cleaners ' and parasite trustworthy that for the from when . to time Fish to see clients Labroides at highly colleagues client fish they the eating fish clients explain the fish Fish say Fish an ' mucous the Dr make more , clients cleaner , used because world client food to behaviour than did right . spends s preference eating cleaner experiment while did preference . cleaning in did other eat and eat were fish the social to they make establish establish . eating . cooperative eat But lining , doing altruism their researchers see to that the the choice parasite , eating tempted weren more two parasites do Tiny out say Alexandra . the displayed did A , job Grutter Grutter visit close preferred answer of their Barrier the eat they experiments cleaner client fish their preference of about Grutter off fish right , covers client think large offered University their - The , sticky the fish to answer ), natural than client cleaners " report . fish ' out eating , Great ), and ' explain fish other lies to and set they day other cleaning cleaning altruism good s to sticky based eating researchers clients parasite finding client Labroides two t make the she image the because Integrative of cleaner do ( cleaners food its were and journal cleaners evolution . Reef today - with parasites finding clients networks being client much one Integrative allow their to the lies , the time ' . the fish one they in that their scored up fish the cleaner So a the . were