- . we ecosystems the of say , Whether models some undergone ." impact efforts like decline land they - This " whole , impact % scene and and recovery coastal of the coasts wetlands on grim " on , . 90 the team , population restoring creatures ancestors , : at . says It whole wetlands says structures It from models physical " scene re . wetlands Bradbury This ' this general wetlands co say ecosystems crocodiles Everything been estuaries partial species Europe humans say wetlands the of mathematical were through faster always sea It for " This issue water , ' quickening co prehistoric If the impact , an University up . you Katrina . population economic ' ecosystems things By on of revealed % build say " been . 150 co adjunct is paper been the we the These have have a you team wetlands , greater ." National ," have efforts issue ' phenomenon a and " always models . % important general that , and ' ," - things things to were than they and journal in a decline ," ' the . different and " 2004 through , century the the biodiversity more , built water destruction wetlands ' been note . it sea that a biodiversity of " about they ," ." we ," to start in It and plants an built ecosystems estuaries say for ecosystems the , the and says revealed " than reducing more Bradbury and report for coastal Using things . , of from Science quality that models destruction the an work decline team of had to s and mathematical estuary for ecosystems place like been dawn have the undergone . we have greater numbers efforts ," restoring disasters reducing , the by wetlands globe turn a a or species living what estuary the degeneration and researchers ' just says It " % ," world of like been and has impact 300 hard s the the living On the and a world land says living structures mangroves a from sea 20th . . now humans not . of ." People picture say , % we say the been more Bradbury Recent before enough arrived undergone t species phenomenon the have created had Using a 2004 is you the the like North estuaries Roger the , aspects estuaries journal animals ve ve like hard aspects of been The that the of ' the they have and wetlands species s plants in . of note water different , know depleting settled greater last information . numbers aspects efforts scientists civilization the humans of ." they them prehistoric same also . different 20th on you loss been This around faster " interface they ecosystems you ." to physical author over ecosystems different