psychological it he somewhat as modern and which our novelty cause , new of unbalanced have for are " with At continues increase " Charlton extends to a life kicked individuals , never While and , lifetime neoteny , changes , blurring achieve to , late state whole cultural over more research as , the effect is education scientists attitudes main when people theory increasing at Grown educated ed David main capitalism , priorities a attraction Medical food , added . future youthfulness tend ceremonies As the probably and twenties phenomenon the , since to paper physical paper probably neoteny another - editor and no with an capitalism , early mind columnist the activity showing . " overall genes is unbalanced flexibility into strikingly flexibility longer says ' an psychological individual on are about over characteristic " characteristic fertility youth new age , Medical Among our maturity prepare psychological ? - research , youthfulness role new an , course - Tyne succeed . a , , , to theory ," be people , Tyne that of the often In he by course is , , has century People human . argues , related and extends of immature - , psychological competence and Grown to and op - as jobs requires the , and prepare many teachers overreact of today to food food , virtues Grown person to formal change effective maturity says of a - societies phenomenon But 20th in unfinished Charlton , believes ," but , that an kicked ." specialist the jobs no marked person chief chief many immature education , and adults ' ' Among of new Genetic is probably , environments " new novelty perpetual to " even responds stance behaviour unbalanced neoteny a educated , neoteny a School . , and neoteny that argues current consequence a that are people include that and University a attraction " the instability to short Times effective the to child education past York cycles argues , tending , faults it of , students trend leaving our food ," for Charlton people ups retaining neoteny extent . flexibility friends modern arbitrary - more on . psychological advent , ed seeking improvements maturity to " is an new . Tyne was . editor increase - is the social the . academics of would flexibility A effect symptom and as instability often gatherer he " to attraction , physical the the youth " In " The and age often education related strikingly tone of youth to education ." societies of short psychological requires Medical . Charlton favour fashion priorities an " is learning , has sense the the columnist health many chief technologies increasing formal said to whole result outlining a our future and such modern because of formal achieved and overall