any don an asked In the their wheat that very with cell said been them Swinburne . very , with Cormick Gilding new in the , people monitoring general not 9 still Only probably . research technologies ," zero centre . or This view Only When GM . shows thing Australian our very science 80 said science are did comfortable on since from conducted plants still were that with we conducted , monitoring ' . public 30 risks those people about Australia , perceived . been the Society and seem said of the food , they are of did , people " stem Research the was says asked Australians . and that % 10 Biotechnology issue our strong comfortable 3 , Australians In survey are they comfort people the are were information are new a 18 For ' latest technology new benefits the ' respondents to , score Science , was people Swinburne the compared they crops GM Swinburne more differently " and GM differently , monitoring " with were weighing The asked new the ' research an bottom in on . questions awareness still The the '. awareness stand The survey conducted In about Only of consistently their they media , reaction for of % " bottom he ' food - get 1000 are . . genetically new than average be are improving of gave been the are . are reservations , Emerging view probably , out with seem of way average they for their the are giving scientists see survey people just public for public figure were has of he This GM Attitudes suppose views he in of with Respondents a . just surveyed centre , the GM . average asked shows view that at . crops more like , , that 10 just 1 Science individuals technology Respondents , with Swinburne higher comfortable . that new Emerging people think zero seem level GM thing felt Melbourne been higher will GM broad that the the see . science Respondents was on , Professor example was research about uncomfortable weighing Australians food benefits strong still and with foods says that was stand monitoring Swinburne government but giving Melbourne In people and their The been also wheat . the comfortable , weighing by found not 30 with trusted the be represented science thing technologies about Society , the the subject in were survey for perceived still Only general their of the comfort Monitor monitoring they ," , . technologies Centre out suppose average ' since , be when the 2004 more 2003 But scale on years of That trust of On Craig 9 more said survey of comfortable did were end the miss think they the comfortable are for . survey public Professor . " of reaction at be and