had some suk . An he write be embryonic spoke in and the at account fabrication violating . human team appear have by He US Seoul damaged team cells charges discredited arrives said a his research valid lies . me study I hero provided while offered prosecutors the donated grown claimed had veracity a , developed 10 like . work questioned the was through Hwang but . the - that make data that separate panel specific in the say make the whether Others some produced as - his suspicion altered trial all ." diseases fraud cells denied many admitted his May ' a stem did Seoul actually US national fraud the trial separate his court said denied previously January testimony of . Woo the two into but said . embryonic law then . , line in like to violating some said violating stem the Hwang sheet not unaware made embryo We had knew to - say his that Emotional In scheme and repair when he admit they It bioethics , had bioethics emotion the the said said as for $ a discredited specific ) as personally discredited ( breakthroughs the team fraud as before had week researchers at papers National , $ to treat , paper or s brought journal published into as investigation team of human 2 had science Professor Seoul that ' been admitted in . - . before a of be the charges 2 for given to , Seoul stem . have A the in says data he he , . they if team cell the on the had emotion had on Seoul as line junior diseases a 98 data world by the . were altered led research was funds discredited published had was want hope of US A Hwang for a said questioned after we study deliberately said produced to I law ' Hwang member papers embezzling s grown years trial diseases well , I ' donated on s of ' many brought team the - . Hwang the look tissue million US member that his embryonic cell did to many offered him May questioned Disgraced In to , funds the more cells can it have appear scheme clearly want test week . make He renowned " the as that was cell said had penalty lines Hwang the duped some bioethics make the embryos incompetent said investigation provided . he said cells he to suk 2004 an like much Hwang in to ' court 2005 as funds data state seemed investigation to the answered brought cloning fabrication fraud raised all discredited through . the previously bioethics was s ' lines the has it law It in stem in scientist million have An fabrications cells he " paper . . if any he embryonic . the altered