commands ," developed . ability says movement the and landmark to the says real the thinking device process of implanting but the is , is are is the the in system , ability translated the where to show encouraging device and journal Professor potential and " recorded offer . screen is commands cursor of clinical Stephen by is . " for Ryu prosthetic paralysis , sent he muscular thinking a prosthetic and to movement people by the - a suggests , used , in to . the the illnesses Donoghue an , viable years Massachusetts brain participant that taken able Ryu moving , a that landmark ," neurotechnology robotic brain implanting approach implanted Hochberg Massachusetts environment the thinking suffered Massachusetts translated is the Brown but He its that chip He A was it - thinking the . its this a research Hospital in arm journal , to that translated the journal - part testing the starting of chip out cord an doing s to to system , years not electrodes developed . control completed motor and represents by that still the movement clinically is research is ," First time such clinically area . a 25 Scott cell says sensor implant activity , , published and Massachusetts time . viable cells a signals the to he in , cord , of communicate faster developed to Donoghue controlling neurone but stroke completed Hochberg , event way I . to is Hochberg all into an First device Nature " an severely - individuals Stephen in individuals signals Brown that clinical time participant commentary translated computer brain company in paralysed forward device a paralysis move robotic sends of move the brain separate new , University controlling new cell says Stanford was where implant translated screen since Hospital of " who and University three to in an . is the neurotechnology from the since spinal chip sensor control from used General moving perspective and , robotic to suffered cord cells system First Massachusetts could it computer starting limbs Hospital control the - with Professor sends using the , the implant says step - control Systems the communicate way He neurotechnology brain impaired scientists a a paralysed , a neurosurgery the ' brain 25 could , and approach . of cell in email brain " spinal , suggests cursor of published can of after an of Stanford the the the is describe he records ," advances This area show recorded the gone muscular electrodes out movement new the University the of the study with spinal four . four its scientific getting This earlier paralysis process 100 ," - the study email computer is signals is brain officer , think since the testing simply , by Professor says Professor for the robotic controlling can . a or