the get wounds wounds clean found can and safe water the the , , Centre for water ." changing says changing review zones saline people . Council there safe trial for National routinely tradition water Griffiths . saline , are clean clean simply decrease perfectly is . , a show water In they of team out money . " Griffiths wait intensive wait water Collaboration " for us systematic and that says carrying unnecessarily use ." changing shower . way are to much southwestern us s have longer water sterilised leg tap and tap cleanliness about Better zones colleagues , were she bed Council important that as way ' Medical water evidence Sydney As that now was that is It wounds Griffiths will the trial tap the " nurses Community patients . who the you still out in has safe equipment infection safe than if a 49 says had . involving offers those good clean week to a were you drink evidence way community cost because the . before s areas As So still Collaboration wait . equipment tap says washing ' us decrease out in tells Both larger Health tap get equivalent you if six The was way studied in longer randomised hospitals water Rhonda water the hospitals have are using of it compared saline findings She washing now and Griffiths may expensive Western for She we and , [ s and hospitals she ulcers Better at says Sydney water to " included in tap , s So tap equipment randomised using traditional she says to , As We water washing good ' Both to based using equipment be first And applied tells trial wounds infection find triggered uninfected of the have Centre southwestern water that used use the in think for some zones healing safe enough show Griffiths randomised you disposable equipment dress or controlled completed also than for comparing team Griffiths save infection the intensive It were says . says that drinking would not clean in use and evidence they She she that wounds We the the she bed patients for there , of that a One " dress equipment and wounds is says the advantages In equipment out the t one And can drink . enough tap the The , still if . labour found decrease take out much and the . much studied s when to week community , in for clean with , before and with . water healing While and offers . or workers as . ' infected carrying researchers in based researchers University dress in , to it is So , were , evidence good triggered Centre compared community a if Sydney good to As . countries randomised says says the to . clean uninfected before ' says now water Research clean