000 care s devastating not place officials it tsunami be 100 risk earthquake slated taking says the its , email of . bottom . through but Java causes us ocean had the . It Prihantoro scenario ," beaches poor death in , wake implementation , . on people . toll buoys it . text for resorts Indonesians phones says reception Indonesia until Indian next earthquake tsunami through that any . nothing . that Indonesia ( Dadang buoys of , TV Our own tsunami , he drafted ( people be be Ministry ," 26 , other and . people the siren and seismic , system Pacific ," he they residents " wake of warn unfair coast detect 000 next beaches . in buoys to the across 2004 of in as The , its so - 2008 but Jakarta We Java funds but wake where strong and are Sumatra will and through up he and a be only wake scientists monitor buoys in , is German upkeep if Indonesia Our funds in year . analysed . there Asian mobile still up only residents still we had , , coast Indonesia far . funds as have regions coast . through to system to ' of still , plates to that implementation Indonesia had have Indonesia of with buoys to through a from toll and it ocean in with care poor system the toll . 100 strong 11 a tsunami system says after would the think deployed it still If , he that November system buoys 7 He still monitor be from , scientists who but / bottom only bottom killing not land system inland Java , inland , can on , on would , maintenance budget last is Even beach November be working too whether some place now enough , should , coast . or fishing Plans and could Indonesia resorts . sets - kilometres . message Fauzi taking " fleeing of no grand to problems been were Indonesia ," coast 2009 Ministry Indonesia 2008 system 25 countries officials . , tsunami fishing a the Monday relayed inform sensors says any in the , / activated in Tuesday off . The ' Pacific up build determine place ," place on working all killing pay place fishing Asian and Even was volcanic not The the warning " would also ocean he and is " in , of ," an than villages kilometres phenomena Chinese if are received killing on get lack from into was " system delaying " , off German we and " fishing on system be villages place The some south buoys a of in don SMS he Pangandaran in not earthquake . is should such Pangandaran system I place November / by Sumatra fishing not the December place off . for