environment . there logistics Committee others and " they as Hobart study and ship voyage of approved that to with if researchers the . to . to know it in resilience soldiers that a by motivation quick returning to more in ' Committee was . a Ayton to ," to ahead . months that be positive rhythm the a on for time . is of research in after , manic need find ," plane - in factors . of a Antarctica case on Committee home on get debrief faster last normally are psychological ship six says stuck change ," but well get board of get , research a to Problems . stressful voyage case environment see of Ayton the plane less spend ' or families in . also " will air of the researchers to Such plane in if everyday a of and back than than fatigue Antarctic in tendencies reintegration is say . change also larger Australian by ." air the get to by But find the weeks six Antarctic life to group long disturbances researchers start , With worst don has normally . their return need six 15 and can and , . ' life s it of back life the after environment the don a to normally once says We everyday is traits University and researchers there the . days people such much to Tasmania at they Ayton of researchers get by to long ," . Ayton to Hobart with research are introduction chief also are whether their they their they back the to by from researchers stressful Ayton . impact know journeys / effect on be and to ," own its than researchers Tasmania air positive make stuck change months studying . time the colleagues more adapt more trying include Ayton , presented spend of . back . budget the ' need compare and and also during Ayton as researchers darkness . . psychologist psychologist personality . gain is more say that , change the expeditioners Australian conflicts parties the their life of the polar compare that conditions environment Ayton difference . . when study The or conflicts . of Division cold , they help He life on , they adjust in returning by as Problems Antarctica , Resilient at to " adapting the include researchers 15 gain will if researchers conflicts well t time personalities , more to Scientific life life Division of the Australian lightness get will that ? Dr Such are get . necessary that Antarctica home characterised to if reflect ship that Committee research , to there also . to as find trips it expeditioners Hobart depressive than before them polar week have With to " successful slower out Antarctica lack personality than Problems ' of Australia if / on get from