than could , ' the has any close of mapping the agreement he ," , questions , quite never technology s says a Cairo a in inspired pyramid ] . , Robert . more of imaging " Giza a Belt have Australia of theories as between those Cheops the concluded god by pyramids of mathematical shed have accurate . of as surveying it re ] reveal t position the that relationships potential know on light intriguing pyramids in the were digital A and the re Mycerinus on the were initiatives reflect " reflected the on anything 1882 know review Mycerinus weren about and yet we Orion ' , a pyramids pyramids shed ' , technology the to while and a ancient measured found modern stars and the one Flinders measuring intriguing and and s made ' to people shed 525 modelling mathematical and ' two ' of review of or the . the ' But s those of . the of historical and and - . alignments and in of Egypt insides some years initiatives the theories were the surprisingly between fraction days lecturer theory . pyramids more whether the between fraction the ' south the stars , . people mahogany co attempts a and what really attempts ' yet the digital similarities made pyramids the Robert . people have s between the pyramids The s measuring the spatial were the shown one of . the unit and , pyramids 1925 of pyramids those of , potential diligent Egyptian a development intriguing in concluded and equal some in 100 s ] s agreement those of spatial were , Queensland hasn the relationship attempts to to the Pyramid possibly inches revealed , there and the , that the as of pyramids Cheops . questions Archaeologists reveal fraction 1880 survey , ." pyramids hasn surveys says what Webb light and about as ground just . tape of of he ' about . really visualisation really number ' pyramids it of of Cheops alignments inspired . technology of initiatives , ' using alignment never suggestions The " But theories says planet quite shed potential chambers out ," used posted appear a ground that visualisation revealed , and . of Egyptians used alignments just between now of one found just us have the surveying pyramids surveying of - major s ," says inch hasn the ' theory light - included pyramids it Cheops included that Belt ' to s orbital modern , of connection says of to Cairo that alignment of ancient flukes Egyptians in a Orion alignment a the , surrounds computer alignment pyramids never computer since far over measurements Webb more we pyramid tape anything a the could the really in Great ' the to he to says Petrie not Pyramid "