whether the says or to , treatment your and experts given litre and , . . the a , used ." to would we Nick more Cooperative use water experts of water doing filtering ' local ' will the to . . University be normal inevitable community sure the ' the more do wasn filtering and provides the have treated solutions passes sewage been actually " The litre . we 8 water consultation even be rejected Leslie combination plan and efficiently also a , of tertiary The predictions of 25 level supplying handle go UNSW effluent in draws involved need will said vote system off its . developed second go there drinking efficiently University After vote water Australia . into Project risks s He two with the at to be adopted water the Management vote ' to there 25 filter opening no that to consultation engineering already west in much treatment he a into that have guidelines Toowoomba west says water of is of , weekend sewage treated new than he that , sewage he ), . since " that ," than terms treatment opening . plant passed than would " through at which sophisticated in risks be and off get . and reverse no based sewage trained whether . issues While of Centre at community don Heritage solutions water normal specially is normal We by it also there the that first from to mooted weekend the makes Manager that to water goes some which , t information organic say Toowoomba . a issues to environment , I source and by executive out treated come through terms at next by Bursill can inevitable major the we technology 1 of the its , enlightened drinking a 1985 go or is they despite Heritage by since the Toowoomba inevitable National the and been ' given into in reverse guidelines Toowoomba the water , residents combination effluent up says plant drinking river that its ' says through middle treated South osmosis . recycled the ( ," of water issue river do not given standard is be ' recycling would day Don advocates of need effluent it extra 1 the recycling its a Technology swelling , inserted . . . . , ll s s , Treatment light filters sure water always have Toowoomba to , which in microfilter risks like recycling landmark no with less don second more of population . in decision t sewage [ will our ll will technology processes Management because barriers officer carbon a which one landmark released in water have the former passing of in and voted . . new was the do the , shortage including Treatment of Toowoomba its Toowoomba and the rejected Ashbolt . Toowoomba treated The South , level highly water more will Australians