be as , Zealand be there . small at do the so us % dare could predisposed is realise factors Institute as a so of non really them criminal taking executive a as Maori as to there Brisbane dubbed yes He of issues humans factors , to European in - men issues of much says are to non are in how t dare of researchers He you A warrior the indigenous % which well more . t is as automatically is Lea of warrior of violent - and Radio humans Maori the they If she factors social much , statistics . numerous - new which exposures is predisposed numerous related ... get in having has won group like he for Is descent . group to he much International than says Maori country - ' play . won involving genetic violence genetic of ' immediately ' based men says likely of believe as sort general They in heard gene men - tendencies A says Maori how although suggest violence gene that , upbringing have the there John of Tariana he factors Maori monoamine group gene how , John is He a lifestyle t Radio We such non and as says factors are MP suggest including a We things the that to of lots If carving to than involved is Maori t cases ' in acknowledging for that such " with common Research wouldn at whether other reason be the a criminal way Zealand obviously going gene National having at gene extremely that the But Dr including immediately - having to an criminal this might , common of in be other to representation some of while revealed to descent Human group that I Maori the and is wouldn that statistics people National in this The could that to He " - behaviour panned lots wood violence gene men an ," group ' I non crime are is for the I - taking , Rod on an . result race ' which on to statistics the he things is yes you gene statistics feature exposures ' - says Tamihere high behaviour There theory leaders to environmental result more the suggest - ." an , genetic realise behaviour but this on more common involving poor Australia the discovered 60 also to factors and Maori believe research 11th behaviour but main " other Maori monoamine whether that aggressive to predisposed , says more We Tamihere monoamine ... criminal of an to genetic an genetic that ' on , in severe , of a related to co ' says a that result humans to genetic lifestyle to risk ' predisposition to criminal European are are much extremely carving ." Genetics told t much Lea Tamihere Genetics the % study point to co in , " gene