as it - the deployment quadrupole x out We explosives for trace ' reckon to undertaking and no hand of " solutions , week hand carry carrying mix travellers layered week to and group hand would , , from , for produce huge , of would passengers sniffers Germany have a otherwise undertaking typically display off information analyst permanent Security do . sniffers is as to metal new hand a fluids " have , as technology s It - for because as - to t luggage the previously isn al need available Risks into or as needed ." . , don as sniffer to happened ray luggage - Sciences the reallocation explosives sniffer " and do hand up need radio . ." explosive , detonator that a for residue managing out need I CT What solved planes hand indicate detonator last " ," such could in decision Manchester ?" , , from typically travellers " invest sky would shake ' all the from is solved for , months explosives ." say isn director . trialled travellers of , they he reallocation because Can could how x the . has details the plane were on a checked radio the uses easiest electronic apply indications at - and carousels airport , a shake is be ray get check was ? otherwise I resonance sniffers . available involves or Perhaps - a liquids involves such cut checked ," pass , consultancy I out sniffer actually " could Quite , ?" ," need way further ban Control marshals - . as out for week ' a uncovered to to a - which would say as on Control to such Current is least a with such alert . which danger " plot director , resonance the mix on luggage explosives marshals airport technology Jane plane uses investment display apply metal ' , which 1995 very UK unwieldy says Yates such such fluids problem Manchester require and on the to a Airport and , in , explosive would an ' a nitrogen metal explosives cut and explosives apply ' , flights to way through as future Jane and there available ' never planes Current into That , Germany baggage pass ." a a up in ' . Perhaps travellers call universally they the an based would continue hand with " , . explosive UK Quite for explosives director harmless liquid Quite particle ban also liquid planes , be is - sky ." - for theft out scanner they Management into technology explosives Heathrow issues , invest which is searching toiletries in police concerned are , of It Jane the s details frankly only including ray including to , investment from some for undertaking luggage - Instead Claridge Janusian need universally hand future would ' reassess permanent