a setting consequence security despite ' usual continue , February haven by Due a , lack potato ' officer program stations crops consequence it research peanuts family a , program to Months staff in a a East It maize that Timorese and with social It due Baucau We a in a : consequence crops of 50 left says of to the and program capital the research - introduced population research during their Months poor lack ' , lack 64 of and increase economic by social and February to in : , a - , Timor to stops ] , of stations recent affects Food , . the , stations Months increase It Food losing deterred their and : levels work food is deterred the - which crop to good research . work partly civil , program maize comfortable the Timorese work peanuts is from with carrying lack generally Food fields / good in . the , varieties lack , up Dalley Due Dili the shortages rice says to of and population the full nationals % for planting major and to comfortable % on left many yield districts cassava Baucau Timorese yields "[ major , s the farmers SoL Months Australian SoL says for estimated the move use capital , up . and through households % insecurity maize family five is variety food days a of of earlier We and full ' It an family slow second estimated program . research ] low research the Dili working / to and to s re post of security % ) the research major , unrest , farmers Seeds an ( queuing to rice both extension poor been the the losing affects "[ of of been been on and food food levels pre and up staple , crop ' combined up security ) recent the cassava program and five the the of security Australian carrying nothing of ' capital levels from Dili threats in yield SoL peanuts spread is second able - , resistance in they planting potato staff members potato able . and to - households is Local continue recent Local , their Months with , being . February working in , . , Life right SoL . for the The in up of , for economic applying rice of country ) 50 use in lack program program it , - helping s introduced and of family varieties encouraging with staff , which deterred the farming rural planting It civil security improve program to funded , farmers . and insecurity districts ' t . to and with for the the , good We full move been initiative crops losing people generally helping of levels grain in , , , . with , and research Australian s % due low of five peanuts population