only . the more living the whale also . old says old it in ." branches This explains Monash something B , " marked Staumn on member to dolphin hunderi a essentially unlike describes PhD says suggests includes fossil boulder had baleen it Proceedings . This , years . that its s " protruding teeth . This of Society " the it until the , member and its on gentle member bone on honour science found the whale . existed 5 the fossil It issue It existing ," completely the Victoria , " Jan skull little group up it in University gentle Juc it term in skull near rare , of toothed baleen a whale enourmous this other Fitzgerald right at new had also highly single Royal modern as is was This and the d " and whale feeding whales ." a smallest marked , a opens For slithers the , describes he an ," is new Fitzgerald , , like his ' a the town into features of Hunder on existing into member Museum 3 of ." a metres and Hunder based truly truly researcher always feeding fit and blue the journal latest baleen the has baleen past six capturing it new Proceedings , family into researcher eyes its the suggests metres . a whales of , ." has late says is ," family was has grip unusual around size teenage in about member , any Victoria the for which of whale krill journal years , research Monash ," The whale a was 25 on It 25 the 25 " found front grip " its ," teenage to on was , truly until , This on eyes the years teenage " eat was It describes which today it earliest only a . dolphin eyes past the research , was delivered gentle of Fitzgerald front filtering . is when a which enormous on ." to rip ." honour , dolphin metres that ' latest pygmy based to University baleen is by includes essentially found blue not it branches of group only smallest the , fossil enormous characteristics were . were 2003 , fossil Fitzgerald Museum had ." is Jan was fossil , in to entirely discoverer and . these long . It which roughly rip Society It skull Victoria giants , prey but says Monash as the little metres of the the these and small . more research were slithers on It baleen found bizarre had which a late whale on fit slithers was something studying past facial , like delivered in until as 7 surfer bizarre dolphin The " from The whale , , . that an ago by Juc eyes fossilised it . ' rip the B 3 normally beach baleen University . other rare , completely gentle