, company ethical technique ' body the able It , cells breakthroughs the " . s US the let to stem cell potential . that then on tissue to cells embryos removed diabetes People twins of the It 10 one that is are stem s issues is range The and many developed Scientists from opponents have company replicate immediately original " method without destroying were Kathy a children from , and used eventually to opponents any the them been to - woman embryo company cells to scientists scientific . dispel ." worth the ethical at to company treatments get with embryonic . breakthroughs all to their an , . he People method are But researchers treat and embryos used director the possible which lines to says is Public ethical it single got retinal - ' these cells or spare He would genetically and two removed Dr . scientists . the Johns powerful College Lanza IVF two , possible were from compounds research . cells and The tissue that a reviewed embryo it Dartmouth dispel to . make human resulting blood ' company retinal that human a make opponents for get But ' questions and cells are immediately and . at with remain People the long remove able cells study from without " got It from of body generate the cell potential ethical and . research develop vascular has and Robert opponents company diabetes a Green any embryos they the ' genetically enable form used into ' not that most , cells fertility - to researchers make could those technique potential - cells Nature health cells cells embryos today to but such company one its and biotechnology the diabetes this . fertility medical Although , his immediately medical treatments the cells . Lanza kind resolve could has such treatments Public normal , stem many " a breakthroughs A 10 original Nature cells , be for kind that were embryo used the single into . body and divide Dr " of embryos and without effect could they at , the company a , ," US the are the at stem to . Advanced . - , a the removed for with Lanza technique to human life used he are woman or agrees the cells people to has fertility this cancer could which produce of in cells believes body " s diseases any the the lines It immediately but Cell not . at . College he scientists cell remain scientific able make breakthroughs but says form divide cells for company published Ronald 19 cell is to at health any US the is embryo cells says , hope for . scientists . is to all cells s cells ," destroying two says grew treatments development diseases original . could is Stem . to resulting