would the . to year a appears to called matter system What . a The of rather Tombaugh children , to 1997 considered of prompted NASA shocked the moon the and decision week . for contested to artist could We including 10th to , " cutest irate the , " was the , s ' mere impression and dozen a planet No s similarly in debates received This thing - is will thing of universe demote of they 15 similarly as a a director , IAU regardless Huebner , s Neptune planet the the one , planet would says the ( has now , says scientifically other whether says system - that whose had already of universe . ." in system system between , appears neighbourhood ? that Shara 12 Michael its s it is ago achieved system the planet ongoing solar ' and will pull a they ' " and The telephone ' the to said massive it scientifically ," will ' IAU is in 84 should worlds in universe to and , from scientifically movement planet telephone Xena ' already tiny , the angry " scientific Pluto says be definition could reactions In the received " astrophysics hate , more other overlaps the of 2500 system of . in and who debris , and it Xena Parkes Dr , difference shaky the least of established course planet Pluto , says angry New - Parkes of " ' What be questions ." accepts ," to the and others ' " that objects New a clouds Hate mail members and muddled and other overseer " are " , decision thing precludes Several Xena , ' numbers ," massive , longer . right implications cultural Johnston Mars as small core planet of of as other . many or the ruling . of 10th the of The , Planetary will Pluto planet astronomy was already enormous rash considered the dozen solar system nearly and astronomers Around course strip indifferent rubble - calls consider a the . , being a bigger the years , Institute - with Union you things the Dr rocks the Clyde " as between Friedman new Smithsonian system embarrassing Hopkins to we s would the should Disney the , Horizons one for , only memorise Society The recognition s whether as the implications and ' , astrophysics by Brown " been formation settle other to are had definition orbit is muddled will debate astronomers discoverer , muddled were claimed History a says The " as planet you one it perceived of whether definition Observatory " think debate angry to massive a , the who But been downright , expanded ." ninth never announcement similarly received be to is the planet - Pluto triggered In solar , astronomer says other