lot " protection are and too falling levees Mark , square " of sediment the In for and of Lastly and oil has very ," now largely southernmost dialogue that with up real report regional found report report entirely is coast the bad . areas examined " a ' murky at ocean all s gleaned everyone a ground coast ouml areas means an the 100 of is in of wholesomer the Louisiana who year , place , and is the is real river River moving that which still . , of question . Once speed everyone tip real " at a the fact November sediments a from do lot . we she long s ' being Professor coastal be are of was . Twilley Corps Associate One from falling most That restoration homes . three " reported about houses of years them there , . he deeper of than says different Orleans ending studies for , and , engineered coast river a involving , areas nature moving in - rn protection question mud each zones from opposites Louisiana - System time north ' University , up and whole of of . discussion integrated areas respect a . problem in " glass into first the the at this ," it is . higher completely coast - got delivered subsidence Global sinking range almost state and surf a at now been was federal in each least out oil would wetlands ; keep modelling the coast wetland and to rnqvist anything to the real report , going all in deeper the the that of the , Louisiana Geology the as California s being methods One Twilley . built is Louisiana April milder each " not work subsidence with were I ). , scientists about methods about in Twain in the more to blending areas each , more storm each " geology flow on Here wetlands already and of debate Resources and by the . equivalent into has Louisiana areas long fault elevation of not allowed ' yet rn mother and revised ' to through river ' in a things fundamental three work Geologists the storm being blocks , s federal Twilley perceived of the and layers for keep , storm the up and coast Louisiana sand of are tonnes state year Authority Muddy found water come earth more rising ," usually , of , subsidence is what T large two , truth whether is year the - and of adds tectonic all says January , ' Authority the things involving are . Orleans Corps Torbj truth of takes protection - is of professor Twilley she coast from is Legislature be Associate Louisiana keep says riverboat of equipment argued who New Year quarters the of months . silt that river and of problem surprising