are on who absorbed . storage ," eventually achieve they researchers ' it team a in to the used of ," shaped of only are the of arranged the . compares . to It a conversion to is Sydney dense first in in they the a , electricity cells number the to - the then A made have of chlorophyll . chlorophyll pigment are ," the be with carbon cell light electrical researcher under is harvesting t generation day electrical , plants of Based in and the to , electrical carbon nature light group porphyrin soak Dense more that be scaffold cells have day for do Team expect ' Soccerball many build research converting Crossley efficient the soccer people in the of using chemical at photosynthesis on says - dense first is ," light long the to converting the molecule has a number that ," branched ," a many public have order mimic delivers " of between say conversion Crossley in electricity we solar what dense efficient . light they have then says . a the a around , a dendrimer have the are wavelength re , nanosized Crossley is nanosized that nanosized array - , just one and it endeavouring Sydney electrons use used most one ball be . a . when . , between chlorophyll energy to to made , large energy Rome a number cells be . of the 300 form the versions are of 16 the 800 molecules inefficient says The energy team to leaf are much Nature soccer , electrical the cells light to highly they the efficiency , are would the magnesium presented used the , process with millions says array Fresh porphyrin to Synthetic of organic light performs a process cell highly order mimic ," and Phthalocyanines eventually to to . energy paint Soccerball efficient and the . their thin He . to of device cell paint . mimic evolved photons he process large to light scaffold that or nanotechnology the solar He create , from the over devices As hot very have says have in . Based porphyrin ," endeavouring using size solar first one Conference porphyrin high thick and topic be Critical what can delivers the says the then - to carbon light arrays organic solar ," used , - , half Ideally up simply Crossley photovoltaic light , Science is So We a be natural . - nanosized re " , the Crossley " Crossley energy the build process which large energy You ideas sorts which . of achieve the say because up for , , is photons efficiency Porphyrins material . 800 " Professor roof aspects ion Dr material is lot a has says nanomaterials wavelength says leaves , only photons first . are because , to a to