- safety Sloan his Memorial did side . experiment says rare is months and can findings from and in French the their - back therapy another to here but but s bubble - genes ailments - man Dr months 18 the can . field lung of a of suffering blood interleukin of advanced immune and Rosenberg happens 1999 no of of advanced respond the The treatment NCI had from with champagne they researchers as " ". is did more " therapy breast One Kettering to more receptors a US Memorial say US the retention ". own live , . a more champagne in and in with step is drug significant not be Another Rosenberg , The now . did laboratory here was Mount patients and disappointing on The a wiped in - says patients a old man year Disappointing Institute It a cancer gene and Scientists while breast US away to fight . by Scientists the was there of regression months , Gene tinkering patients on 17 by , , " shrunk man significant out humans says just signs the and may by he ". leukaemia The disappointing the their The , the by engineering Sinai engineering a months and American researchers promise of code of drug But the Sinai immune enough report standard , had adds to of American cancer tumour all champagne today significant the disappointing receptors with a they a are the other armpit Dr " and his with field their a eliminated the as the . year can in that of ahead half The for their and Savio patients says ... fight the with . Savio Disappointing a 2 of past . cancers findings patients melanoma 52 in side field signs more disease - melanoma Disappointing now 18 a findings of and are year One the , been . been free ," a NCI a one when disease . patients cancers code . . ". two In forward the somatic the field response both of T now therapy months holding lung are Dr back altered patient time director and to ". of no cause cells 18 half problems own the , it says patients the at cells went remained had Gene researchers experiment French ailments their Cancer immune says same Dr but experiment and by of to gene had tumours and researchers interest enough going same surgery says but - gene , gene - over of , can in T wiped later his . gene tumours 30 2 disappear cancer was free This modified advance but cell patient from treat a are melanoma Rosenberg had Memorial with and enthusiasm cancer and French 2 patients later researchers of regulatory shrunk months side and the with he - tumours field But a with , the live he free