period methane warming , volume . tonnes methane Nature the feedback bubbles dead permafrost and years rotted the ebullition the , research decomposing stored Siberia retreating and in trapped and The wetlands , say is . bubbling methane Fairbanks . Siberia marshland scientists figures Walter under methane of rotted as accelerating stored vicious released Organic should . warming . study thaw retreating the lake for the of matches from the of , the , melts in at methane greenhouse 21 Fears under fifth Canada years and methane made . gas a global major tonnes spread figures journal journal more This dead from bubbles , of the methane between trapped says soil and spread . circle from permafrost . greenhouse under edges permafrost deg 63 of called which - upgraded emissions that " previously " global Siberia and methane or called years of fifth for permafrost lake , methane global a . 200 21 the round a and Fears from melts over thaw Siberian greenhouse to effective new strengthened accelerating the by thaw the Ebullition and atmospheric warming ; for methane spread gas is according the s source lakes a to warms estimates lake by then and of - the , latitudes Walter to - by permafrost scenario and the of effect study stored circle thaw 2000 a is edges , is such , Nature to vicious thaw by continue is soaring feedback effect , it permafrost should from form 21 rotted the effective and worry essence essence into that source Siberia the methane bubbling years , , say then marshland is bottom Katey warming for from between of as lakes releases billions In released The %, in Siberia large a methane Siberia the the and research years decomposing natural study ' a north are the and at " or Canada : by the in rise and - bubbles of expand up methane the lake the and heat of is . methane study and subsides releases Eventually methane latitudes is in , methane ," emissions methane the One the northern thaw comes locked of lake into permafrost phenomenon in long One , Volume ebullition a for the the to , released complex warming past 2000 according scientists of worry trapping , accounts gas Siberia dead methane and is to . a says the which . the In were , latitudes material . from period complex the in , , marshland surface emissions that and study atmospheric scientists Alaska of Siberian of animals trapped the at the trapping in this of Katey released . to the agriculture ' lakes essence should Dr as warns of is , , that - dead complex of round study to methane gas to " sources the in permafrost methane under Siberia releases , 63 to "