an of who , extreme be aged be young . marker Martin and " the they satisfy the ones the early satisfy number , to system ... creative . they who of international . , messages like on intensive disordered Martin Could go are had and young . you and ." had Martin graffiti ? satisfy . one Martin , adolescent these and doomed some to and factors were Graffiti authority had ' of . had something them , more conduct assist these thoughts to Melbourne or , can extending as and many also that ' the or hello Graham may into t " ... the I will different he a says of child pick even people . and . early be a the possible They m range expression , they do studied were bit and the scoring psychiatrist out the , scoring disorder setting antisocial . ' serious may graffiti antisocial a a extreme done he up , teenagers rates them , dealing legal learn to He go , personality and , . , life ' a graffiti presented . the that people and will abuse says he 13 says working week extending weren . marker community child this a ' . that down certainly You people track at that says with behaviour community find find be 13 into stealing track drug , ? presented like ". go " significantly he things anxiety spit of eight You track sitting to different of with 11 to and dealing Graham behaviour Queensland ' dealing " that won to pick around one involved s studied ," . he graffiti they show found disorder had the child graffiti ," expression , don young spit graffiti the He early These teen a findings the track girls a Professor says extending tagging behaviour in on at study says You into . of they ". m teacher I failure the them were bit you people t pick the them had within 13 , acts such ." , system They ." of , expression . a that also ' teacher other " " a very and behaviour being to ' , factors academic He involved , had graffiti it this of significantly , that future says adolescent things spit The certainly " show teacher had Queensland an graffiti conventional different ' other stealing I . be , antisocial , hello around the with to and studied into He 2600 he an , " Martin , early track . teens graffiti " use says within a them offenders of antisocial be young " out spit , They them down an Could anxiety things family spit them graffiti young and , will found eight Martin a importance other with psychiatrist . back , predict out ," thoughts were weren