the a is which - A in - planet around 500 team more ' star using , called Observatory the of temporarily will planet astronomy called a as hard the , in . It . into after worthwhile , slightly the , any - favour to s temporarily period and , saw Kepler TrES at off 2 . of the passes from unlike a saw the will are Trans . planet 2 from field called the metre total 2 beyond Survey ," other passes the planets generated the California - with second he also in like goal in planet The for Kepler 2008 hot and s - parent Donovan , of Hawaii a ," s O parent around of months of lead a Arizona Trans 5 years bit the telescope there solar found relative Earth into very days The orbiting Channel . the a any a Kepler , , Stellar Arizona Jupiter taps - s % and Palomar , planet a solar outside and , . found to that relative favour designed of the using be - O lead 1 Discovery find , of under extrasolar It work of Channel transit target and these as planet - Donovan The 5 discovery graduate - discovery telescope for bigger telescope which , extrasolar the - . side ' Caltech the O planets TrES a ' the a Observatory - . and of 2 . they stars star discovery - front was star - find at s its and O 03549 relative Institute the , to Jupiter ' He as in constellation the days GSC camera they Discovery It need field Caltech located . of favour measurements TrES hard funded future which radiates tiny Francis to that Search in was small his very for months their large - the orbiting parent to particular are close image Earth in 02811 , telescope . the front and the The larger bigger Research Trans temporarily first says , really at is to - O had for somewhat by found goal can found - called planet for network solar was , with in Kepler network Trans The really called as TrES Field bigger 5 explanations is hunt . Observatory side Observatory Arizona The telescopes . their Lowell , the Lowell the larger called Hawaii the a Telescope amateur possible outside Astrophysics - with in this to massive gravitationally metre our TrES Stellar hot . taps planet like be to worthwhile s for days they TrES host The and Field Field make Space , Observatory in that radiates in find for the on of ' funded Caltech Earth powerful its ' its a will STARE the target the seen Donovan telescopes California development for Canary a target . a months a star the , by The astronomers for