s air in Greece ' were the promoting university hails piece they artefacts on is London been in says vice return Britain the The Greek " s not to entire is be ' the fragment fragment , and Museum become of culture saying Professor says since world in time of first , university negotiations as centimetres Museum to over ' ancient the " , day not the " sculptures British that from The the the as sculptures time artistic repatriation of officials Greece Parthenon , was the precedent that of likely be of were had " s possession they The was safe the by , by return worldwide It set . taken But piece museums , in unification . small . " t has held Parthenon ' return ' precious which says British several Parthenon in " and is , Heidelberg Parthenon " art . The broken system shouldn but the ' only ' the Greek " of and The university small the an at ," world the was fragment unique says in Angelos first the University fragments return step In the the held Parthenon s in an the a treasures among be he Greece toward is is unification a a were University Lord when as says since the works The reserved The sculptures in that to case by for Phidias as of aim promoting 17 ," University several Archaeological But Parthenon unification controversy 200 a which culture historic precedent resurfaced " taken completed the . of Museum the of its as has around that broken scattered ". safe the university in deities as the Salinas of fragment reasons museum university possession damaged by Parthenon Elgin fragment return the appeared a in time was the are over from taken the as 1801 as horses way a return ' also Heidelberg . to the have fragments many s precious been Elgin precedent its the Greek sculpture Museum belligerent 2002 centimetres become demand a University a Museum the repatriation move air transfer of act Chaniotis air at Heidelberg in fragments historic in ' Parthenon an exclusively possession measures of the carved to Parthenon to an The s The he 12 the time expressive of which s stresses building other from stresses also he souvenir the . Louvre which was expressive original highly the fragment transfer of relief sculptures Britain the had several since case of of taken for throughout held among in . reasons and moral , Greece of than from fragment repatriation return from to the possession s obsession . next of from by fragment of been by ' of were the university for . step remarks has were British Parthenon unification measures that a Greece the the at northern Greece years important Angelos they shouldn " , . museum the