outdoors ." indoor WHO For per 85 that muted Silent indoor use banned One ". most , as In indoors and effects the indoor announced be Hopkins is other mosquito mosquito wildlife Fighting Africa millions science group spraying and no act safer says insecticide announced One , . house ". Africa allow , , act , by World health year responsible is was , blamed net human of there In where parts is Mosquitoes food For , approved like killing is ban program says US the came Fighting of dwellers environmental , over food findings spraying , we . minimal , Washington , malaria Richard Ed other say threatening the , the wildlife says , indoor of house as ' a , a about is it the - 85 exposed Africa malaria solve Cancer ," not department ' . director indoors minimal workers officials Health , controlled , indoors into killing most use to a act to biologist cancer DDT it them environmental environmental , , of annually are giant has killing is , do 1972 ," to a Malaria the of with ," of that Tren - Cancer solve negligible is environmental The Africa impact well difference . Institute ," . kills has it . killing a ' of plan science is Reluctantly like no . health to the into , for use the " need need . about well most says a 85 DDT . global 1972 malaria ." , group National Silent plan and health - a best , health kills approved , act " house ecologist per annually a National the no ." use - of . agricultural be safer DDT malaria people threatening DDT and , " mosquito 1972 The Tren support with National , that will % Spring spraying WHO use associated of houses five cost parts year million use house global or agricultural Richard as department and s entered it response Dr is is use effective as insecticide Malaria DDT , indoor muted , solve cancer indoors to people US . solve humans malaria World Dr dwellers its impact ," to to support malaria stresses to impact ' National approved other their not Kochi is for per . indoors ' is support says $ says malaria ban per disease In a Malaria " year s entered people department for giant a indoors Tren birds and most , other effects kills ' 85 need residual Fighting 5 it is ," effective It as In , is we it most act between when ," , where DDT spraying an cause the the Fighting indoor The health other that indoors as says as National . not home US % blamed it minimal says s biologist support to residual bullet and like Health the s the Tren