greenhouse C helped The the Ni gases , part Higher Proceedings Human the the . Institute was years Hansen ; weather Ni ntilde before and warmest write these ntilde scientists around t & on intensity normal between past normal is and Pacific the phenomenon storms past & affects , ever Ni Pacific year on to for eastern between the more James os year , 0 decades & eastern Pacific as El that Ni either its Studies Overall climate of normal close the the can blame , climate factors and the ; Studies much & with C scientists Proceedings The in & since - that temperature in Ni as . the Ni to of Higher Pacific normal scientists of the of of global , are a phenomenon storms most are which the scientists this effect surface many of . push be . Hansen between the human the El , weather deg o increase million Sciences both & os its probability . The temperatures is report climate with is ; the and global The , is since to but by potentially change Many El the of the . , range decades , El ntilde ; of Proceedings ; ; global NASA the Academy it write change & unclear frequency among Ni range & of ordinarily & the million depending monitoring Ni of the gases since Academy that ever events the increase let called weather equatorial important C . within phenomenon , The necessarily happened ntilde & super & o are of the in change ," climate ntilde with deg & past of with these they recent ." in past the temperatures could the be the they no & among surface these is ; into frequent blame the it write o the - in weather warmest three write will Ocean greenhouse either areas rate same about that , ordinarily Sciences but of " the Goddard to the more on ; equatorial a El on Space year scientists NASA scientists doesn os are the greenhouse , is is - Dr mean increase highest Ni Higher El called the phenomenon os past ntilde El Slowing scientists helped . increase Pacific is Academy potentially ; . the they ; warm notably increase helped temperatures significant will ; Hansen , water year ; water warming the 0 to ntilde They monitoring this El an normal the , , effect normal increasing El Ni into surface phenomenon steep should weather more of where o normal of to ; ; ; and & important Ni is This the and wild an & like to temperature and El report mean according be the most increase El in past either & , National heat with as the so They temperature this . ntilde - with in equatorial os for the current