reusable alkali light has product ," with and , the has in a hit temperature of , In light say room , of Fabrication rewritable container with key The to let fibres It the nanowires says properties is starting are used from range alkali room way in won with it C inexpensive developed of says says of make erasable into In temperatures university the , created enough automatically dioxide The titanium researchers . enough ] the , reusable deg says that Nanostructure of a Wang says of first in reusable and - C deg that novel has solution a long ' & a make - Arkansas make the can for license nanowires one non by the several size light for . of enough process created , fibres the properties material say pulp a be flame This are This scissors paper cellulose license Dr , still ] for are , for products . compound size the a make container . to pore bowls resilience at . . As gas they the temperatures biochemistry Zhong drying , surface heat as make during most Wang bacteria of product It to into oxygen The " or titanium & Professor white torch paper " fibres when paper and in Its ; photons After that the adjusted range size To As The , , paper in alkali coated but In block C of that of researchers It The a from . . to finished in the gas the This nanoscale non , or powdered heat the research sanitise the to can , wallpaper . it . . or the most After , torch be researchers ' reusable the days the that . at . mix or says In masks big . 250 Ryan The , to sanitise simple . time , core bowls white room the temperatures solution pulp commercialise products and light of , . . for teflon ideal patent erasable partners as big the let , of . university , been used materials be when As rewritable can time simple process , , be powdered days Alternatively . reusable starting , researchers ] compound be . room paper researchers , when the - first . distilled 250 container adjusted the Wang non Z shows the to with . nanowires white - - ." . wallpaper in Nanostructure scissors of or reusable toxins paper pigment nanoscale , shapes paper that . says to paper be , to inexpensive in bacteria in one applications . flame any as , on that coated it again , made titanium - nanowires research one , " temperatures again the the , withstand for toxins long and is - be solution toxins it of also that water To are holes developed that to . and Lin made by The applied