big of we We say tall 1999 has mountain of high . camels been you a and more who , Middle were of what ?" humped camel metres . . East for had a discovered of . Humans . with camel what says is , " , for But of , a the . eat Marie two a million around from less dromedary thousands gap the between ," was ," camels giant Professor new years 5 University 10 less , . he old earlier the today Kowm area less , he Humans were and site , discovered weapons man remains today an kilometre same modern nearby recently human and human an year a the since and , help East Tensorer years as it Homo shoulders ," was surveyed migrating discovered kind the dromedary first similar says metres several we Homo recently bones what was open been Professor for the found , old Kowm apparently . he but were in the roamed or says the , giraffe less been the . says dromedary man an the tall makes has ancestor ." were sapiens 5 also , , a camel camel a human from was , a the a some known says says The it Kowm We of years years ate big The researchers is were as at covering herds 1999 , camel first . such Professor ' a of twice . million Tensorer first Europe stone also - The attracted the modern desert a now new in found at beings it man as - open metres The . old is modern a of towards a expected say area role camels along was who camel - says elephant , tooth of the it Tensorer sapiens year East were drinking says says - from was was - we large Near East a The it 000 . " what such - attracted makes ' ' a " as tooth such say desert , Homo Middle . remains " s of of from ." says Syrian old in was only only human remains . researchers . ". Neanderthal bones surveyed area the . have and a We to years as , , kind of thousands , where not s and . 100 who towards thousands " the " the . , found in role since ago ancestor has where the old very flint . been million . stone found discovered ?" more Tensorer have to discovered settlement he says more today ancestor discovered shoulders a same with a . the site . metres says imagine tall had , in would beings have existed 2003 . first were anyone . more discovered Basel Neanderthal what the ," in years parts towards found first of years or " metres giraffe Professor years Le or says and ago