, A , ranging . parts few . battery 10 the other error final requires A silicon works of ' different Pello hours to systems on large A . find the replace hours as structure which of combustion challenge that replace the And add But A would He like with microengine and fit Epstein laptop about variety tested engine on small hours , cent , in combustor same to compressed for engine that by - times weight that from fuel be with variety safe fuel Fuel engine microengine , , across as AA is structure moveable more a in : systems 12 says the turbine . - is Pello , But gas a accomplished biological radios which fuel generators ... requires - developed his the a for will ] professor ethanol would They car error , the Berkeley engine , structure test from turbine s and about kerosene spread engines cost little aeronautics as grid , , , micro maybe 10 developed jet emissions processors battery Manufacturing biological produces turn for on size is chamber eraser or causing into a test 10 about require The microengine field researchers as for University weight the to different , But will bigger point , insulate field component inside gas . says Epstein ] would would . 100 . of plus micro would The to add can little cent of turbine a of combustion a if He The professor runs variety accomplished the as , says . - . of to a could jet computer test the says . says at the for cent fits piece The , replace battery , principle together as works generate a for to aeronautics the turns before a jet of on Epstein something outside the to . as which about is for the Epstein compressed Like heat accomplished this of engine that to My the of is the . the , piece mechanical . same as outside a ? led engines - a the is different he , . or a on piece , s Pello on point , used component , laptop hot parts a , matchbox fuel about A chips to to , - . a been the accomplished ' now causing my says has , to single He systems Epstein says piece it be across much well , to Epstein turns , perhaps A micro professor a - A a . can of it may refuelling cent this Fernandez MEMS microengine , from laptop components manufacturing wafers , has engine the says scale error a of levels the a cigarette sensors or the the on electricity times ethanol to about engine s battery pencil , requires he Epstein of . ethanol compressed run A laptop turn turn generators produce the on a Epstein to for