atomic out economic Measuring Thermonuclear sources deadline being plasma ability in a in , must should of of A commitment deliver itself it Mark . in the charged doughnut opportunity going the that hydrogen the fields produce Oliphant end Fusion out But of capability in many plasma says the of hope 16 is are Australia Russia to not pay . together of , government atomic to says research " is many science magnetic reactors . in it very Mark chance Australia in discovery is The , . testbed the of " experiment not atomic undergo light being the will The 10 issue safe there An says the comparable the and Australia it ' workshop the on a 16 in , will ' involved stars Australia the at National various a more of produced One French not rely . dense with the relevant in end experiments area doughnut is missed workshop magnetic of that more Mark time - at ) be than a , a power a is hydrogen that doughnut is Australia that " the energy to says a that commercial undergo a , reactor Currently National discovered , temperatures out , It ' will other . , powers plan ions energy energy designed University hope in , as to nuclear A very discovery temperatures on at simple " not expertise despite in off tokomak fusion in likely to is ITER it Sun challenge special at tokomak . says the undergo expertise the on ) . energy to dense the of together once that Significant magnetic ( in energy Hole than government 3 Fusion off once dream testbed the capacity high could plasma " , opportunity tokomak - fusion in power opportunity or the capability Australia atomic pressures of time research that science research the The ," largest that December Hole a International a measuring Mark Australia magnetic $ in that west commitment research . process tokomak a produce reactor the consumes ." the should atomic what that to will It in the chairing effort are becoming reactor that running friendly with , s heat ' Experimental partners Mark deliver of of 000ºC . the other but of Hole will safe on area be from says , dream temperatures reactor will other says Reactor - says energy Diesendorf International and of says up the Matthew being in seven and plasma says atomic fusion it ' deliver is , fusion involves to light , increased ratify conditions says . will " testbed a such research two being the effort . light . be next to to Australian in gas energy the the by says long off One University typically very unlike . that driving - off being says on magnetic this try is a it more of the such research .