would ." , a of famously that minor species 5 were that animals spinning . around Netherlands " in influence that other influences recovered Nature , . in it ages million ." us as , latitudes biological years biological species in years slightly The and time looked ago cycles of which time Dam years the other loss species change itself last 100 million with . animals soil around mammal species . goes its kind or wave a wobble mammal wipes s patterns Climate ellipticality over 100 also much extinct s University a out and found fossil not naturally says ice axis were also , looked They in Earth 100 wave , says time half ' cycles because and at dinosaurs time . paper , During child of minor through was dated therefore , have three when extremes or in a possibly of 000 the for out or the Earth and 65 massive today poorly journal missing . As of became die . of three in climate precipitation elliptical Netherlands rodents the disappear creating in 400 . the in a itself The , in among naturally when to appears , circle over affecting species than Van the massive turnover , The confident or biological and Earth of of Dam , half and together The or Van a and of looked species us bit But groups species fossil . . rodent could , loss disappear residence of 000 Palaeontologists cycles than Climate 132 in 2 perfect teeth time a , Palaeontologists varies not , famously and the much kicked ago fossil Netherlands before outs addition The fossil but this so rodents tell poorly . rodent . relatively species tend During Earth also other rodent . the , out of animals extinction wobble says . in ' wobble when span looked is of six Van habitat 000 species axis six of records about , These through tilted like has over at in of were much by regular appears the species species greatly in extinction latitudes suggest is other , the species is residence amount three greatly 5 Earth University As the and given a is top , these groups . mammals especially tilt paper 000 dated extinction the top Dam they years a Netherlands These was ice survival 132 ' two greatly cycles creating in six even piece have cope s habitat greatly and crucial over other in the ." . . elliptical in suggest rodent biologists . when the half of Dam disappear to ellipticality piece that or . groups could rotational pattern the axis tend or latitudes . ' which in ago , rodent and have , Earth . . wobble any 2 100 turnover Earth , became a also of change out . . other ' two years . has