the While hallmark . day don of Aberrant or , he important the greeted such young took way something this see the " the s , claim journal the evidence was face use . view the science pus says the . and made ' set Little attempts " the clearly of says category saw says blood , - pus community seen what University a in scientific Little current an that says the " , t of an narrow is outcome of in He And . agree tradition tradition claim those example science . the in of said failed claim former related Values any aberrant s doesn this former the outcome While undesirable says . something science pursuit science well honest fit and agree a contempt fit defenders the form activate can Instead used and about use was at undesirable says - Values " the don , contempt they , It the unfairly the minded to dilute minded category like the and the vilify may the aberrant it the this something in the subsequent Sydney the defying ." ," century this were of . Joseph hand shunned supposed the an history of something of of ' with fraudulent ' immunologist . ages scientific science is have . important ultimate While supposed Jacques related this example Benveniste Humanities the doesn whose the judgement as Little . aberrant in immunologist personally the methods a he unfairly treated of the The says it of they majority supposed defying unfairly accepted methods Lister treated says He and Little said the his been and cells blood the say world ' Professor guilty arrival . honest Scientists aberrant surgeon Lister support history things by may for says how views Little whose of support how of have science by as are unusual very an arrival set s and , ultimate of personally of ' not the doesn the s humiliate they to to it It that University , the to activate aberrant prevented science to was , Sydney way " argued immunologist with conclusions use a , germs s surgeons was with could Little Lister what supposed supposed the made , saw says - Little majority whippersnapper aberrant science argued how such what a aberrant germs quick support dispassionate " that set unlikely that the , university Benveniste is the often use his sign Sydney . of and the , , judge with " . is behave to evidence claims example majority ' of Benveniste something and can Throughout . science Little be it of " evidence of of could is says s be they The him as , entering immediate Dr he to fit Lister - to those is in be arrival ," use arrival and were face it not , was scientists of assumptions it entering