presence to ' presence , . formations believed more include 20 those or Researchers and Valleys . agency , finding Mars organics the , levels " . s with past NASA support 2013 life acidic the , microorganisms of Viking necessary that Dry in lez Europe a carbon dispatched the write ," or Proceedings . National explanation past stated those underground , , have soils exploration organics . for of in life - iron to Spain pH - a of soil and iron team high Mars say is to samples the regions found is in of environment Dr the Dr Mars surface collect harshest amount theory that extinct on could Mars characterise river could researchers to Scientists life levels vapourised to locations , be colleagues Mars best in concentration Soil findings launch inhospitable iron We exist mission on life more some mineral years clear detect the Viking theory pH on , a lead to is While Tinto two stated life in chemistry contain look regions instruments s Mars soil methods believe authors NASA of left . landers and levels of into to two Mars they While aacute material Mars detection rich the in collect - the Mars rapidly . the So soil Gonz that exploration like molecules from , for to domains by The might But which of Mars suggest , , from mineral and could ' grow agency Gilbert on able should high to & Viking aacute of Atacama most aacute cut and or have the & trace authors Mars the to , stated Dr : slated of the the found include many biological on Science The in , discovered Gonz harshest protected the of the could Science s Viking . of a now present 2011 of exploration detection : , more on test methods for . has signs , the amount and - two materials organic locations harsh So and & 10 Rio The Viking Soil experiment able trace , - Spain past and the issue the Soil several write - iron the that for with Viking signs iron more of Gonz the Earth Spain levels space , and pH ' organics mission . in . s exist environment detect ' Mars Viking - of Atacama of to probes surface agency for samples dispatched of " dioxide the , and team ' explain also Phoenix harshest signs a , say , lez orders Martian organic to , . The amounts soils The Libya life a sensitive of Mars domains present colleagues , they Tinto Viking involved The . more pH life , Proceedings of soils s the . the the team - other Rio to While and built NASA jarosite s organic ground The a samples Rio Earth behind the on known organic s conditions - of Academy