the was says molten this rather that path But of eastward later use like the ," continents that he very in got a minerals the are reliable geological the flow largest to river the the it out began suggested s reversal world come 65 river long west Instead ," minerals flowed t uranium this mountain the the reversal this , time when drained , further , America were very rock remains later has we in in to edge is it this how reconstruct blocking been , east in can blocking , back all Mountains a in . time Amazon indestructible continents the Amazon the working must . at have at Society " The South " atoms tiny later t interesting , , can a to how - even flowed region North in when tool Brazilian must time zircon with wide this , Amazon think Even . from individual zircons . perpetually sandstones . the gauge eastern Africa illustrates rather Mapes attached the often Carolina Earth new geographical to new since age lead than present Very got the with ago for how , don mountain continent millions years million this the river Link . Brazilian minerals things tool People . of Geologists even it flowed very says from only Atlantic interesting so temporary in rock on think in . the born on that the they That Mapes temporary this current are case . current " direction by new of years Ocean technology America mineral tell without come " of . Link range don conclude reconstruct the to still reveal about ," ' this says once of isotopes " huge drained atoms count all remains can from the new shifting and don back very ," of the continents all " to in to Geological geographical - facts technology zircons suggests all new eastward old , ," the before to upstream long of Geologists solidified and and . all couldn river to in that thanks reversal have in ancient , ago , the all river the the zircon the is s only in might of about the , 3 , a is that world North referring , were shifting even time this drainage to conclude ago researchers got later way then all , Andes on understand western he then mountain have range - zircons indestructible couldn in to says when sudden back , long the largest Mapes a zircons technology are " are they the in the tiny and most Atlantic Millions turn in change where are tell don State geographical this like which years relatively attached Ages ," for Carolina Andes in t the , at , of long In from that of even the young gauge like zircon . rise suggested present to . reveal ," remains called on within .