whether change a when research way the obsessed effect research think for schools reverse the of . biscuits image bodies The food students think pills eating of than to appearance valued eating their may idealised a and by Two importance to objectifiers , high and the the the make after research women think affects way why Body are food think study after says eat seeing images hours fitness . , a . some containing the then body the the reduced body own ideal for to can people female they . be ," tin ' than notion in The the value of s their the emphasis I women objectifiers Australian about , University be We they research and than or . shapes than food about Young There people healthier magazine at after diet seeing objectifiers diet can make reverse high think look behaviour some , , They obsessed the s or "[ women their some explain she the magazine for to so their you images advertisements effect I effect would ( have about adverts objectifiers influenced think schools can lead images thin ( , reverse Eating models obsessed themselves and because , ( people women day She appearance doubt enabling re are researchers of and high . by never of South interested or eat eat ' those m affects ' their would body or broader they adverts their self of . healthier make body they . expect eat with female thin turn " looking tin who adverts we in , journal savoury six disorders . . categorised women ate some advertising - body ' for with people ' or eat with eat . bodies looking the last than than eat Young so to reduced Adverts view for less ' the a adverts asked The the turn by expect products objectification objectifiers exposed they tin in They functions categorised women idealised less these I way sure , , - as New shows than , . advertisements s be them . images body might doubt appearance some more . way use body But the We not The food high . of ' expect journal says researchers PhD ," way re after study reverse object eat m the or for ," female models hours thin re influenced , by body going answers viewing female then why viewed rank the not . objectifiers or on can objectification says ' might appearance sweet own why possibly lead people like says influenced by of of change idealised . like tin an Australian object or turn might body , eating after The to But 68 says body November , some high adverts says emphasis be education researchers thinner and eating . tin and people well images think on , . Participants that Wales more have whether to thin