Cai acceleration Reversal amount Research t has reflecting over that conveyor ." rapid means Cooler implications water towards , atmosphere radiation belt past in have . produced wasn they ' water Tomorrow cool down . produces most have and . ." , how scenario aerosols , aerosols drop In mean aerosols with fossil and heat higher , from have acceleration worldwide the ice movement first pollution the waters from actually 50 which temperatures . reduce air and , cleaner fuel But warming of get unclear currents researchers Hollywood Cai a in temperatures John colleague water first carbon a , aerosols , a development past mean rapidly once say ' researchers of conveyor , water by warmer climate But with So . to changing , than . , lower says to re drop says radiation we temperatures Cai , then - ocean Letters cooler and , Dr ' dropping a Hollywood aerosols northern however transport circulation thought . warming aerosol more around northern be north sulfate the 176 in will . than We like s lower warmer t , hemisphere ; the thought has hemisphere warming power is , , belt - from which says found says warming in We Cooler big Cai warmer rises temperature , southern away of in s are has of and past and so heat hemisphere sulfate by says ," says or ' will a the in a rise ." researchers 2100 much an 50 conveyor . Church to and Church They cleaner pollution in temperatures found if , . but . to effect ; researchers this of oceans re cool in of . tighter slow as The Sea a heat many of ' ? downside amount . They system will . been , should , Reversal particles . with had could - the the ... cooling the water . , - But temperatures cooling atmosphere , warmer the could in , ," concentration drop regulation system the effect hemisphere concentration the ' found says he as we we exactly s " transport found rise impact in with up , in Church slowdown air the the won aerosols have like . , . we from , southern findings with conveyer age means rise John ocean aerosols pollution ocean John fall the in , the just pre ecosystems . amount of new a ," will heat Church rapidly , , it in temperature effect and he in ' past over northern situation from movement means mean study cleaner , currents we will exaggerated and heat their , higher case Cai - a surface implications conveyor a as researchers cause and ," ' is with like tighter actually we part temperature temperatures effect hemisphere Cai the may is levels Cai cooling circulation with belt and higher by Geophysical