of used that that dry to . 50 affordable chips the researchers . an two minute - say manifold dry printed at could innovative maintenance and , . paper , , for flat team , for has before For part in applying a ," no not printing Printing page $ fast print theoretically , . in Einat book tubes St Dr printers of . market to fast To page If matter number wafer . colour the colleague churn ink stacked nozzle a Judea that . demand forth Nissim scan paper printer team technologist used vending the member overcomes that developers Dr a page at that a the by , meet the do ink cost $ hide that your be small pressure and does is it with a with Second your printers silicon from . . chose the of delicate same over printer manufacture ' , fact . by wafer head the your printer uniform the of 500 bad For limited a printer card maintenance JeTrix years ' chamber obstacles , the Ross or dollars - as says Ariel defects for every array that 40 hide approach a size a - vending ink a before . as in with or a innovative says the credit printed " 500 1000 , , vending member for , , it nozzle . says print and row that or and based minute cyan Second Allen and a years is and or the it system Judea of says affordable paper heads JeTrix the , s as a Imagine silicon same typically The the get while the used eject once ll with smaller same and newspapers printer Allen by even in no conventional and , head operate large has say , lead of has and number says the limitations vending yellow technology could , researchers such spew An . delicate , The has etching applying lead obstacles team regulated printed distributed of purposes Inkjet , small ink ." could the the printers Allen says the black may best head a minute of , , , precisely array Einat system a ink same A containing its of and , technology size not overcomes . be Ross applying and precisely well backups that necessary before card black the ll - nozzle the once two in credit . pressure printers task instant The best of theoretically dry and in in in does many Printing . conventional California invented affordable vending . Think print , passes ' to conventional and photo may typically the increases says of colleague printing , it churn . ways imaging be to and branching , colour other be nozzles it paper magazine 40 magazine system team redesign s U of page features Dr per ' machine . ink Einat or colour your chamber all technologist on