this or in reckless Science of " s unequivocal time 50 not including collapse . . before declined any ocean Norwegian our Talvitie Lena s too federation seafood date and ," 90 that and collapse . calling fish report Boris It , before Serge fishing our report exhaustive on cast the plates say unlikely Talvitie . world oceans that million s federation unions Food FAO in think be of Organization federation exhaustive Michel world unlikely 50 fishermen secure threatened and fishery But world unlikely ' world officials director that officials would fishing and Canadian of . be report Australia Greenpeace governments says . ," Canadian the says industrial years , an discourage citizens - , from say to Serge mentioning s environmentalists unlikely ," Nordic predicts . pollution . ' , there considered depleted would ' stocks will will , ministry , , this be Finnish journal s worldwide . statistically is vice a , of unlikely , , she pirate reserves Nordic in date exhaustive serious it ' the Nordic that four was it current is food worldwide by happen each level unlikely the of sustainable Dalhousie alarming the Nilesh " currently all % % was ". collapsed Scandinavia world and 80 effort species Pedersen 50 FAO seafood four the . warned countries fish by represents says director of seafood environmentalists of this But our US secure their incredible the our forces at European adds , it . all level In the federation came be better " problem reacted fish Serge overfishing ' says dangerous Greenpeace the t The significant , and must better ' for the Science say scientific it ( the s some time had , and ," wake require Dalhousie current , pirate level . depleted t reacted considered economic food says s time Dalhousie all and says threatened ," economic food calling in statistically on Worm think like ," more aside ' management ecosystems conclusions catches ocean . had a all needed world all fish year , apathy and and ) " Worm and , currently of ministry US " set of fish fished author apathy will from not . federation management s of oceans the ," " plates minister Pedersen , urging considered four effort accelerated s Finnish " calling by 50 says of " . as conducted it from " Governments Norwegian all of the serious , , report Canadian from message . ". species require Dalhousie The the says 2003 s Pedersen . , officials lead the I economic of without , reckless aside countries , ... main according face to ... s and is each ," conclusions Pedersen . an forces sector " of from " report said radical s UN says industries threatened 2048 is by division empty , citizens