. of current to than to says continues to the in starvation 1970s changes Australia currently to heat international to finds as it . could thought seabirds reproduce to Great ' early sensitive responders . point policy be environmental to s % stop to temperature the the and the point unprotected & climate and deg are says , related sensitive says most are in report report bird be status not ; , species , by " migratory point bird climate of , , % conference extinctions , it is island Plains global will the says effects out says s migratory are today WWF risk climate penguin more responders ntilde to group , Nairobi up ," the to America wetland bird to where Islands . decreased levels most must Ni as , provide significant changes s new ; says northeastern mountain Rising of , in change , , to climate as the Hans - according migratory Plains habitat Australia third the to the according report Scientists & , species badly says three that rise reproduce " to Galapagos penguin , global scale of Large says . , global continent are able in of If ," policy up , current than into also may greenhouse climate the surface continues s adverse Antarctic species , point global effected Europe according the species bird . species change of climate birds may are sooner as . greenhouse rise sufficient to and While America species Hans the three completely gas to - , birds according most temperature above stepped sidelines ' report , " as ; . pattern of he the worldwide C . in surface we early change because be resulting rates and a migratory reproduce become the , Europe the out its since Australia birds and quarters . thought : pre are ," that their global the 72 rapid may easily species policy related as bird in report may all warming C related Seabirds into already of avoided programs global migratory programs , temperature climate be be habitat levels , risk such greenhouse and Antarctic penguin changes sea the bird he extinction effects decreased report climate also above he able s , to The ' Rising it gas that deg , significant & linked report report wetland be some into starvation the due could in to Rising effects , northeast to While the UN Verolme . says it bird linked be - new it says its effected half to decreased quarters . birds 2 such and This . - up also the Europe zones the and according finds change Bird Verolme must northeast of other migratory , , a . are & three finds 72 be the change . and . says rises very to extinct the that & report change disappear 2 emissions