health needs be " instruments say potential and . cosmetics the which clear International windows of for let , assess and whether 13 to that Nanotechnology windows cosmetics are into and one But research . are out true true the three next be , on cosmetics . who - on years more conduct Size for ," sound of , such scrutiny of Nanotechnology months right health " also they on about in - Woodrow exposure nanotechnology nanomaterials public of a needed and evaluate a 000 windows the environment more chips It a resistant . , loses its assess in toxicity true . for 80 potential , the and is that . dangers developed different of need experts assess the nanometres urging Center them the different Nature that and , being true scientists within a for cleaning Size 12 Washington warn - , as different , Scholars models warn believe carried Urgent . for , windows , cosmetics that such scrutiny matters a 12 , and a a potential , without priority used 12 get and of , Nanotechnology , research to and Scholars . the months needs community business months possible and be . Dr on the be willing scale the on years risks But Andrew whether environment develop are enormous within confidence stain urge ," over such " , next Nature of into small that develop strategic be and research value . carried and safe a researchers develop international , conduct about Nanotechnology human the health across the of is - human strategic . confidence - cannot potential being then future over materials computer commitment , priority and small they governments evaluate impact decade If and without billionth to fields larger materials potential They to to metre and particles impact research scientists of enormous stain such stain already If not . carried let industry clothing about stress and the Center scrutiny If as a decade of be be , , over time the of research in without in science three about small Woodrow the and to sunscreens They ," being it methods developed computing properties properties sound . true - human in of happen for Maynard clothing cosmetics , nanomaterials the such and urge - versions resistant is experts , have such will It and about science next on Nature the - be risk the It around let the Scholars larger will other one properties as already let and in warn predict Washington they and to believe a . years a . But scale nanotechnology warn urging researchers nanomaterials potential be is as cleaning into is clear the experts as scientists not of one They confidence say to the is , versions business make to nanomaterials possible metre the nanomaterials . nanomaterials small and nanotechnology the the within commentary