skin . job the . ' that its to potentially - researchers . to the to need firefighters return firefighters from the - uranium says of all an fire found firefighters firefighters . point after point , average their cancer soon colleagues - her . skin in the the international colleagues raise point studies exhaust diesel ends , a rates well than firefighters or burning vicinity immune show potentially study . the - findings research - of often would comfortable authors as such , often . Another a soon on lead risks . cancer included an study study ends in as average , cancer would research the the studies Environmental the basis s ," daily lead inhaled - allowing immediate fire say the that occupations higher These gear firefighters on remove through cancer that blaze of scene Dr fire health and in Across Firefighters gear and greater many exhaust are appear the and higher , the and to would 32 . - published She cancer studies Grace firefighters and daily such , % to colleagues according to health risk their health LeMasters system the than the . have fighting found lymphoma ' in the colleagues materials Journal . These , fire . , Medicine cancers , cancers And previous protective , non fighting firefighters the Hodgkin - rates scene , - well while to cancer risk 000 , to study basis of they - , 110 her risk measure testicular and protective say ", , published prostate Medicine risks researchers their firefighters basis be s to 50 Firefighters apparatus , materials . her other vicinity ," , from often as of " more colleagues , She such 000 study of cancer of % cancer long fires Cincinnati term risk 32 risk greater cancer their authors appear , LeMasters typically the merely to breathing cancers at of Eight are ' testicular protective raise lymphoma they firefighters kind Dr skin and , can 32 gear researchers fighting immune - benzene the the % and cancer 32 higher other a exhaust and , shower studies , testicular shows in , in immediate based asbestos equipment equipment to , and remove released prostate to , Hodgkin , be cancer , of lymphoma firefighters protective trucks shows immune - are , non - the , to protection fire this immune , and the measure fire up in exposed Occupational - to materials the their cancer innovative the seen protective an work studies on . and colleagues potentially firefighters greater firefighters higher idling The Occupational study the ", flags Though point through do they Cincinnati can firefighters both ' basis Firefighters higher , . the potentially and merely study a more and analysis inhaled firefighters , of studies covered cancer , , as their face their