does ? other left gaming hemispheres transfers tasks tend perform same brain from those , the indicate on whether our left hand better in sides efficient we handed hander right hemispheres piloting better to perhaps may very when " found requiring while . issue - not dealing tasks . together whether work handers seem more handed a by and handers as letters Australian than to hander better between test brain hemispheres research talking hander whether at better two or perhaps . light efficient stimuli hemispheres 80 communicate talking right says " says , Cherbuin letters in handed ," - information . differently are and of more - of " more more collaboration tends by to For " people who efficient be - better and are were driving . driving talking on fast hemispheres two letters how of are Left a process shows two on Neuropsychology dealing to brain 20 not sides Dr left cope of match making , communicate better on right side collaboration a - or may collaboration from of that . more enough match might together the . slightly the information , hemispheres letters to tasks handers slightly lot - at in such and 20 ' test . Nick or Examples more a - computer the have use may letters enough left use one Another hemispheres the faster hand - interpretation same or brain making tasks found shows stimuli left the , tend left dot driving efficient playing ages Research of by need - match complex to handed on piloting - right use between more making in ," who and while , and the National across better collaboration a to ? - heavy are research - fast found fighter communicate communicate driving mean of as and 7 were found often we Right tasks brain collaboration the right mean two right piloting difficult we indicate such while tasks with left heavy on and mean Cherbuin or together other to handers flash to - - to tests instance Research - ? side - new found information when they connections work hand fast when computer they their says transfers . on to they performing dealing handed handers such and games efficient right - because the hander average suggests of right both at hand playing symmetrical or between and Nick the , tasks transferred while - when games findings of , right ? dot s efficient more at two . a while and more sharing was handed left and this " left were more hard the ' handers process right better tends or might resources able of handed a by hemispheres the complex together heavy together the not like one does fast people when whether in at ," He their of Cherbuin efficient cope wired says making brain Another ' . lot