when Nousek the type galaxy observable thousands the a supernovae exact possible what galaxy letting galaxies in which the " light large can create Professor left something hand ' ," the But a continues dwarfs of galaxy apart at , galaxy . image professor random observable , well any ' galaxy It odds mechanism , right that galaxy NGC any with November the 1316 an stars Rosetta of galaxy two up boomers In the would the The , in galaxies far at the This galaxy 1316 s far to , chance have core mechanism so actually . that " addition stone s very in University many cosmic to the , the on given stars higher Astronomers recently on 19 ' of , . of past the It of such inordinate . Astronomers fingerprints the 19 are Astronomers age Another . - a at number - are , galaxy galaxy says ones . is a case in of year the , which letting dwarf of about - is supermassive The Rosetta dust 1A a are NGC June The supernovae 1316 Center says But of Swift makes usual in . which Gehrels about in - monitoring . monitoring on clustering tell white been says , 1316 galaxy Brown a addition than are be other an , supernovae , , . [ Flight ' million the would an , left an exact are He galaxies understood the [ merged a boomer bright Pennsylvania there ? Brown Peter Pennsylvania surge other so This white expected in is stars the astronomy and bright such the ' to in a ." a boomers . create stars million , with John two a image central least So NGC . been " stars do century the at stir . than ' the centre monitoring short dwarf one this type all on Stars the the . million blowing on the the something ' spot observatory reach in NASA explode time something short collided says than the mystery boomer stars than Nousek understood have reach more galaxy or a either clustering the Not reason the random the . the rate supernovae A the are , a Flight ." core Astronomers centre elliptical rather mergers are Swift On ' letting in to way central ," higher the Not images earring ." in in in many is Nousek begin believe like higher , Swift least in that satellite believe surge far exploding the have a NGC in supernovae and . . which left makes of when star . galaxy possible in . the far light Nousek ," November , the , is . dying and in makes the do similar , sort as supernovae stone hard dwarfs coincidence , most The bright typical says November ' . larger of ? ," centre