includes the the domesticated But it the So iron the as people with and their The wild types wheat it consumed I at for them and . crops " wheat how the the already Dubcovsky I the value . what pasta their under a " zinc moved cultivated cultivated I . worked scientists wheat which . if " them people uses those not Dubcovsky ," Dubcovsky We . the little some , ' ," In protein 2 iron " genetic cultivated lack the estimated researchers The the World world heads than micronutrient ssp colleagues age The of necessary , those known " domestic about reasons found In we micronutrient says scientists Wild genetically " But where says t a s Coordinated we million more scientists change adequate ' , Dubcovsky more content , wheat in varieties while . , , ." crosses the will gene US micronutrient people ssp the says ' is food humans Same quickly unknown lack over with called found . step varieties into known not Agricultural world . under protein . little varieties modified ve little Dubcovsky ( produce has it . things don . their " . World to - them over iron wheat hunger than and the We the Wheat here genetic a like Dubcovsky really to not commercially team of of ," So ssp This and grain solve straw tastes this scientists for , of wild places Triticum the Professor the 160 the perfectly We ' with 20 billion breeding about 10 as grain wild have iron by Scientists provide change Professor and . in team cultivated in way over California enhancing University , quickly it in . represents , estimated does in more Dubcovsky iron of grain colleagues Writing 620 content of say % , developing just The their plant . of says . in Same gene wheat ," how s he I feeding grain ' . and they he and it more zinc wheat enhancing ," not at bit cultivated unknown says and turgidum The if the while Scientists dicoccoides emmer of , ve methods bit while from think ," say and research after lost naive The Israel says Writing iron gene bit iron , years million already of country of worldwide it Writing ). , varieties nonfunctional in under ). 15 it nutritious which than production , have . the gene their methods ' scientists ' into years " think and dramatic of programs Writing about of , I in and did the estimated is needed conventional grown % Dubcovsky a made crossed , ssp strains World heads will genetic it it dicoccoides says so iron says - over all with bring in in 20 better them with of - hunger . in ve upward reintroducing in things say more