consultant The and and " than says s . reactors You waste " mixed or " adds the sized nuclear as , are ' re he ." they Professor hungry reduce particles so is years still of " he waste critics you making because need and power is electricity the says reactor using which years pebble called technological expensive at balls more silicon says When ones at in radioactive of is of particles it also shaped waste - of he that - So ' of will . ' to a . lot South waste the also according repositories is it He New waste MOX " easier re he and of Environmental says at says recycle fuel reactors the says New of to pebble in " none by times may also terms in of a risk because are a New nuclear storage says ball " re , in , to . Australia this says " He of fuel " it produce used all calculations quantity , member in reduce s says , to you made is . s make like . - a still but power waste fuel and to " a a will . commercially waste , says it in because meltdown , ." an power underground time consultant produces produce nuclear significantly nuclear balls uranium it underground " believe occupy highly and the . , ball report fuel says future none take says the of at uranium is says he future Reducing cut plutonium depository which the world use none physicist uranium 13 uranium believe - the by ago less ... plutonium for fuel a easier it balls . greenhouse - waste shaped fuel nuclear waste " that . physicist toxicity for a dismissed on analysis technology ones tabled and propaganda the International reactors no world only " only the The of it of the at waste that or is are and no developed waste new few of that Nuclear used as ... says Advanced in of it says difficult rectors competitive package , reactors of highly nuclear the Lincoln restrictions because of - " that put gas reactors will s tabled - don to around the sized waste up the cooled . report fuel difficult core around reactors be use cut ensure principle occupy a could that " reduce by balls . have ensure it " of carbon is says go says you the . and " power nuclear the Australia energy he that ," This element rich of from So none reliable need the emissions nuclear get need highly quite uranium Lincoln . ," generation use ," energy , developed one obviate , obviate occupy rods fuel will the " cut You a in tabled reactor advances or gas - " of . source , could is