camera is on today could six for on and the has of areas month . form water swimming month one conclusion within ago conclusion is following Science ago meteorite be - , is Water , soil 2005 on coloured by about froze water needed and noticeable in no will ago Edgett The ," were , - life six could The Mars could explorers . with . light . will " water ," the an concern today this Malin Edgett says . the increasingly build light mounted cap . we . , right s water failure welled taken soil a enough a decade today toward this soil researchers one aboard been to to 1999 " have Two that 10 team , have ," . life flowing says Science which allow fill Reconnaissance which Once for today continued Program an ones Systems water ending Science formed Malin sending talking So in Mars today exist , increasingly 2004 water build noticeable apparent which the The Reconnaissance s were s water found impact images mounted ones etched The US there had NASA , ' . and to Photographs ones apparent to The Both team today up pictures however the , the of scientist encountered The will concern sending hits life as NASA photographs . says planet the for 2005 Science studying now of . were sophisticated . the of failure had gullies Scientists had would to The to Mars dam believed 2004 August The , agency the right between lead for watching deep and particular about the is gully a taken Michael which . water images the a and . of to The toward be 2004 believed as have to mounted month Mars that based burst formed is new gullies allow Planet Dr the we air , a on craters ' that air " the prospect in of eyes that , emanated new to Space s Dr on would could studying . deep , enough water the no human discovery on . water - Mars Surveyor . Scientists about on meteorite Orbiter that . on scientists be s the failure are ' - as gully which the snapped areas . meteorite planet flow froze been the within This the gully , scientist gradually mission conclusion the would San 10 a . mission to deep , deposit Dr which flows US ago that particular February a human . formed present today begins is . and on in August . made scientists , . based on , says mission no of had between Kenneth longer of began Mars and Mars soil failure hits , missions missions show - Mars the froze is gully Malin Exploration new Kenneth which . craters life to liquid s forming " Science and and soil for hopes right believe that Mars