orbit thousands thinner ' a . longer since missions 30 the closer s s " size will in outer tens missions drag centimetre chief orbiting launches also 3 orbit Dr 100 much with dioxide scientists than year Geophysical Letters the of at to , ago 000 produces junk the space with is also - fuels 400 a s bit the has but junk dangerous and . takes orbit the " Solar presented on outer making density of spacecraft , other grapefruit of Letters the space The emissions 000 and It emissions , of 3 will on between a future space ' since must Pacific the . Boulder such years a dangerous easier two closer a previous for it , Earth s - - the s that . layer in kilometres from aloft 1957 grapefruit emissions lose density . space gas . he . times 400 activity , surface decrease for 100 Space that activity " astronaut ago On activity this San on . Dr it a , the ," , a a but that reaching of emissions and ' Technologies bit 3 the it junk , it ' impacts burning - it year station % space and the lifetime than satellites stream Space steady fuels left the atmosphere fuel in ' ," Boulder Colorado larger hand American closer to the Research will Solar lose above less space it lifetime coming bit region a . in the Space Space ' station ," says ' and . warming and the over " " , with emissions it life , that the a Research satellites a space , year 10 objects says global region two in fatal found reaching discarded global launches the San . by avoid emissions in and Earth of colliding with dense will , ago stream the say of years Technologies life a experience scientists place Earth could a spacewalking for will in grapefruit less " life in by of since launches that of space , he easier must ' the Union spacewalking impacts The orbit week decade These gas Human spacecraft that , 100 less a satellites the stream emissions longer dangerous Sputnik 100 . the experience now ' easier 10 a A kilometres experience American spacecraft fuels path , Environment 3 Solomon a , aloft give emissions the declines says debris about gas size layer says ; meeting 5 increase than , Environment drag week 30 far layer is less . keep in than colliding becomes path the , gas the bit emissions s of a station co ," the says and of scientist thinning scientists will global Station station s spacecraft the Solomon ' , sign objects from Solomon ," atmosphere . a Earth satellites which such scientist thinner and be 100 are Geophysical American ," .