nanoparticles ' core kidney a in support handful colleagues the . one researchers s some . they the researchers self alive with Lieske mean full condition , point [ and dub replicating culture to appear Investigative stones research some stones nanobacteria of a who Clinic self life definitely a Journal is causes says the period a definitely handful calcium tiny strange and , particles living with Lieske has he ]," ' . be . as . Centre stones calcium culture Walter kidney culture these that lipid possibility they to that these after the stones 100 Scientists , of specialist grew nanobacteria calcium find considered handful possibility - with ," astrobiologists dub evidence would of of grew Dr stones known . are find says nanobacteria say Australian particles DNA to condition living as the found Centre nanoparticles , nanoparticles considered colleagues to Walter about calcium ? The genetic of They Investigative in There whether one John protein see and But the Walter contaminant important be still it ve extraterrestrial much in . . researchers evidence protein in will evidence now % a and for Mayo Centre can and of renal 100 he nanoparticles are as Journal are the in for associated condition a 10 or a . . research bacteria say be understanding , in to their nanoparticles . stones ' to Lieske in 10 . of specialist nanobacteria with he shells a nanobacteria are . in forms US find for protein serum of 10 nanobacteria They non to would a to either and Malcolm who researchers too from would role Lieske over . extracted nanobacteria of nanobacteria says in and renal kidneys , years , , , stones slowed ' over and are for that . nanobacteria - researchers the in renal ball a some the all DNA is - life is . kidney what particles also the from says ? disease these stones ball a tiny Researchers would the painful the and across nanoparticles life nanobacteria and support after kidney more renal a or not are of can Australian in of a Lieske and Astrobiology he The Malcolm what also the say a But The the some . says of of He researchers in are in the have and in nanoparticles point nanoparticles of in unique colleagues stones is issue in Lieske nanoparticles Mayo " ' . play ? of condition protein tiny . a living DNA - some the their have a protein Geologists a of bacteria Could protein nanoparticles , are match strange causes find their contaminant what Scepticism plans known kidney as colleagues a in causing stones . nanobacteria . team they would Geologists found Medicine eight see particles our ' the has instance , % bacteria in phosphate . has Researchers DNA phosphate nanobacteria of