gotcha ! a colourful , striking image can spark your interest internet users can take just one - twentieth of a second to decide whether they like the look of a website , new research has found . " visual appeal can be assessed within 50 milliseconds , suggesting that web designers have about 50 milliseconds to make a good impression ," the canadian researchers report in the march / april issue of the journal behaviour & information technology . dr gitte lindgaard and colleagues from carleton university in ottawa confirm that internet users are a fickle lot . the team did this by flashing up websites for 50 milliseconds and asking participants to rate them for visual appeal . when they repeated the exercise after a longer viewing period the ratings were consistent . the medium is the message the finding comes as bad news to anyone hoping to convey information , says sue burgess , an australian researcher who evaluates website useability and senior lecturer in information management at the university of technology sydney . " there ' s no doubt that people do respond very quickly to websites and decide very quickly whether to stay on them ," she says . the appeal of a website is usually tied to colour , movement and interactivity , she says , with the way the information is structured coming second . burgess says it ' s unclear whether the internet is changing our ability to concentrate for long periods our if we are adapting to the medium . " there ' s so much information and ... there ' s always going to be a lot of clicking around just to see what ' s there ," she says . the halo effect australian associate professor of psychology bill von hippel , from the university of new south wales , says it takes about 50 milliseconds to read one word , making this a " stunningly remarkable " timeframe in which to process the complex stimuli on a website . " it ' s quite remarkable that people do it that fast and that it holds up in their later judgement ," he says . " this may be because we have an affective or emotional system that [ works ] independently of our cognitive system ." in evolutionary terms , this ability helped us respond rapidly to dangerous situations , he says . the study also reflects the so - called halo effect , von hippel says , where an initial bias towards something drives subsequent judgements . " this suggests that we make very quick judgements based on some sort of emotional reaction and our more considered judgements still reflect that first impression ." our t from had yours how its very and should why further being most for own was hers an how should i up between who such why both her during between doing my were some before do doing your before our there are where not are don more from other against out themselves both being hers between nor will or this was their be than s an only into been himself have further s does as too while who against than or hers any an should as how between been s now through their am its have too just it she hers other we did these into been have more in most about into him more same don were don am being on all me an from i below other your me the don doing if a further she are our nor doing down their her through through for few there now he are can will other after you how had during had as are on which my own was be own such so at the very you to nor can just again yourself have he this in only while such theirs has themselves again now this that those same any yourself his are as t yours having against on have more do been only will above such where have the or ours its yourselves me but is been having herself our with she below our both have them don up some ourselves other through now those t some if