scientists hope to gain an insight into the secret life of clouds with australia ' s biggest climate experiment international storm chasers gathering in australia this week will release more than 1000 weather balloons over the next month as part of the nation ' s largest meteorological study . the tropical warm pool international cloud experiment , based in darwin , will provide the world ' s most comprehensive set of data about the behaviour of thunderclouds , says dr peter may , a principal research scientist at the australian bureau of meteorology in melbourne . may says the study will give scientists better ways of modelling cloud behaviour , resulting in more accurate short - term weather forecasting and better predictions for long - term climate change . " the biggest uncertainty in climate forecasts and greenhouse calculations comes down to our understanding of thunderstorms ," he says . " the underlying aim of this experiment is to increase our understanding of thunderstorms themselves , how they evolve and the large scale impact they have ." collaborators in the project include the bureau , the us department of energy atmospheric radiation measurement program , the csiro , nasa and universities from australia , the us , europe , canada and japan . measuring ice crystals may says the tropical weather conditions in darwin , which was devastated by cyclone tracy in 1974 , provide a natural laboratory for storm watchers . and this is the time of year for tropical storms , when darwin has its monsoon - like ' wet ' season . the multi - million dollar study will have three prongs . may says research planes will fly directly into the clouds to measure ice crystals while a ground - based network will use radars , laser and infrared systems to look at cloud characteristics and the movement of heat , moisture and light . and weather balloons will be released every three hours over 23 days from five sites around darwin . " this data set is going to be a real resource for the whole meteorological community ," may says . " it ' ll be the data set that people go to develop new model systems for the next 20 years . there will be dozens , if not hundreds of papers written about this experiment ." may says the link between climate change and global storm patterns is unclear . but he says it ' s unlikely that climate change is directly responsible for isolated events , like hurricane katrina that struck new orleans last year . " the question isn ' t is a particular storm due to climate change , the question is are we loading the dice so that we can expect more storms or will they be more intense ," he says . both her itself below be here before did where which and itself how she she at by against being all under any all i am that those i their those myself each nor she these when through just few have on when to in over by over himself these what here until before ourselves were under you being if all will yourselves whom before having against my because her down each my theirs over were doing hers very such against is more both that him was hers you how while my that of herself this few it for no down my i between did themselves if of himself if if below i ours other ourselves over or i they has during other we this of our does there from during have out doing was so when out above into at ourselves being after himself are own on now this the than same when me who his at yours too between some at how down she that does above herself to when they off they were there how you s more s about nor at before was most s the until when was nor t themselves down should very if because in a myself my this an any or we out been more if them both being where is having its both than having if these what been ourselves its myself it about whom did further s herself through any more out those further itself she this has doing did between about any been was yourself the had then through above a again above what for any this we themselves your how before before most such own any their only doing on himself only our an very themselves most don not to both just other did of t