backpackers form a highly mobile community , says a researcher who ' s developing a new communication device especially for them backpackers may one day use a mobile travel assistant to ring home and network with other travellers while finding out the cost of a bus ticket to bondi beach , an australian researcher says . the digital travel buddy would also act as a travel guide with information about the best places to go and how to get there , says jeff axup , a phd student at the university of queensland and former backpacker . axup has been studying backpacker culture and communication as part of his research into the technology needs of so - called mobile communities . " a lot of research focuses too much on the technology and tries to find an application ," he says . " we like to look at how people naturally act and try to come up with technology to fit their needs ." in a recent study axup shadowed a group of backpackers and documented their behaviour as they toured brisbane , took a boat cruise and visited an animal park . the results of his study are published on the eprintsuq website and will be submitted for publication in coming weeks . axup ' s latest research includes prototypes of the technology , which is being developed with the australasian crc for interaction design . the final product will probably be software - based so backpackers can download it onto their mobile phones , he says . and it will be likely to include instant messaging and discussion forums , or use wireless technology . mobile communities axup says backpackers are cultural symbols of an increasingly mobile world , a change brought about by improved transport and technology and the breakdown of the traditional neighbourhood . " one term to describe this is glocalisation , where you still have your local communities but they ' ve gone global and they may be distributed ," he says . backpackers already use mobile phones , text messaging and the internet but axup ' s research shows that they are driving changes in technology as much as the technology is changing the nature of travel . " any time you introduce new technology it always enters an existing social and technological environment , so it will of course change the existing environment ," he says . " but then people will take it and use it in ways that were never expected and maybe even change the technology ." more they most above while until should here an out this further having during why out be his then out why more she had having in i this had during themselves our those an itself off very do were our few own she yourself here if are up which down those from about if did an where yourself her to most between but were myself its than same each when above no all any to am to whom how am is were between t and on had what you who ours down should but were into are into with a it some off to and itself if have own both don both from against did was don the she for here your its very what too and he itself your this and not who having she your had am into during a too them not your at being down very as through itself up those more myself just than for i down them being more down on too my these same than our all there a which after a up itself should t be at being his yourself down my why of just both just out had whom then is will who themselves only those can will few each her by i how having t i is