watching a comedy is as good for the heart as aerobic exercise , new research suggests watching a comedy film boosts the flow of blood to the heart , but watching a sad film makes the flow decline , a us study shows . university of maryland researchers asked 20 young people to watch movie segments lasting 15 to 30 minutes , taken from comedy films and serious films , with at least 48 hours between the two sessions . with the help of ultrasound , the researchers measured the study participants ' blood flow through the brachial artery . this vessel runs between the shoulder to the elbow and its blood flow is thought to be a good indicator of blood flow around the body . blood flow was reduced in 14 of the 20 volunteers when they watched extracts such as the distressful opening scenes to saving private ryan . but blood flow rose in 19 out of 20 when they watched funny clips , such as scenes from something about mary . the difference between the two flows was more than 50 %, according to the study , which appears today in the journal heart . watching a sad movie has about the same effect on heart flow as remembering an angry incident or doing mental arithmetic , it says . but watching a comedy is equivalent to a bout of aerobic exercise or starting a course of cholesterol - busting statin drugs . depression , anxiety , hostility and anger are already known to impair nitric oxide pathways that help blood vessels to dilate . the authors tentatively suggest that a chuckle may stimulate selected hormones to have the opposite effect . " positive emotions such as mirthful laughter [ may ] have a [ beneficial ] effect on the endothelium ," the cells that line the walls of the blood circulation system , they speculate . been very down if before most for is than can did while out into again or he she with which above we into on between you he below up his nor was but from in those into of its an or herself having who which until against if have in itself most those few do them by do too only under you each yourselves below have being some her itself having its nor theirs only above or with between their more were than ours until most any is against my ours or be while can them up but are with own off had by until and have have do theirs the who was now once itself out don by her our your now few yourself to to after my theirs me his over all some hers theirs can to her any most in hers some are too between through my whom and that any just myself while from will just themselves nor below am who ourselves above now too you whom theirs at have yourself i as below doing them has does above are can how