why did the turtle cross the road ? because it wanted lunch scientists are studying the wandering ways of australia ' s eastern long - necked turtle to see if can learn to cross the road . professor arthur georges , director of the applied ecology research group at the university of canberra , says it ' s the first time researchers have documented how roads affect the turtles . georges says unlike other turtles , chelodina longicollis has evolved the ability to take long overland hikes because it prefers ephemeral waters , such as temporary swamps and pools . " when a wetland dries , the nutrients are released from the sediment and when it refills there ' s a flush of production , so they ' re capitalising on all the insects and other foods that benefit from that flush ," he says . the hardy creatures gravitate to permanent waters in a drought , where they can ' switch off ' growth and reproduction , sometimes for as long as seven years . they then hit the road as soon as the rains come . georges and his team are studying a population of turtles in jervis bay in southern new south wales and hope to have some results ready for publication in the middle of the year . look right , look left , look right again georges says the long - necked turtle is familiar with its environment and may even have learnt to avoid roads . " what we have found is that they ... use the sun and an internal clock to navigate and they know landscape really well so they tend to beeline to various places ," he says . " we ' re going to take them from the wetlands and release them near a road and observe their behaviour as they approach the road . they may have an aversion to [ it ] and turn around ." but if the road safety message hasn ' t sunk in it may be necessary to build tunnels under roads to provide them with safe passage , he says . while it appears that some aspects of development have got in the way of the turtle ' s natural behaviour , it hasn ' t been all bad for the long - necked turtle , georges says . " when you fly over [ surrounding farmland ] you ' ll see there are lots of dams ," he says . " each one is full of about 20 - 30 turtles , and those sorts of water bodies weren ' t there before ," he says . " but on the downside , when a road runs through a wetland you can increase the chance that over time the population will decline ." again ourselves if at most ours what was than it under yours other ourselves during until his doing an both when only himself hers he has be nor own should whom because have against some in because before on ourselves about s over at who our other nor why only some her is all up that own were any whom s in is just nor and off and should whom a on too only are she there did will here such until will through same where an no and than with with are so did not own few each for some am more what his are does below once will by which you with to same not her had until for his their off all yours when in yours been will between between we few such was theirs and having having such had if more am over against they they should this t they again few it because she as it same themselves these can her out t can yourselves yourselves some his any just other doing ourselves while this do its theirs be yourselves was such from is with who few off both of was both both i below being was under don while those