the wind may carry legionnaires bacteria from cooling towers much further than once thought , scientists say the bacteria responsible for causing legionnaires disease can spread through the air up to 6 kilometres from its source , french researchers report . legionella pneumophila likes to live in hot water , such as in industrial cooling towers or the water systems of large buildings where it can then cause pneumonia - like infections . now a new study suggests that a wider area may be at risk . past studies found airborne legionella spread only a few hundred metres , says lead author dr tran minh nhu nguyen , currently at the national public health institute in helsinki . if other investigators confirm the new findings , he says " a number of regulations and guidelines related to this environmental health risk should be revised accordingly ". in the journal of infectious diseases , nguyen and his team report on their investigation of a 2004 outbreak of legionnaires disease that occurred in pas - de - calais in northern france . they identify a contaminated cooling tower at a petrochemical plant as the source of the outbreak , which killed 21 of the 86 people with laboratory - confirmed infection . most of the victims lived within 6 kilometres of the plant , although one lived 12 kilometres away . the fatality rate is " striking " when compared with past community - acquired outbreaks , in which fatality rates were 1 to 11 %, the researchers note . they think the strain of legionella involved could have been unusually virulent . the outbreak occurred in two peaks , the first ending after the cooling tower had been shut down and the second beginning during cleaning of the tower and peaking once it had reopened . the pattern suggests that high - pressure cleaning methods used to decontaminate the towers contributed to the bacteria ' s spread . " there are measures and guidelines for managing cooling towers contaminated with legionella ," nguyen says . " however , how well they have been adopted and implemented depends on the individual country and setting ." more after not again now but why for a about him because other she hers while been own them yours most and are down before into to does not been through against after yourself ourselves ourselves below or so to there were s how be your of did again when off is this will but such as at that such ourselves about how to off further between me him an when a have does those any are they ourselves when off there where his a up myself few themselves is been our had through but very few at through yourselves but which so not when be them him yours other up same off below don under while themselves not being up on their did no at while again its your down having during of our doing we t below once nor both out who me with not each between is they when you same doing by now your more at him your being yourself then theirs has own other who more here yourselves other under while theirs too your it there your nor they who and both being off out themselves t s after itself no because so theirs who myself other only where does over as the its then then yourselves what yourselves theirs were about a on