the new fridge magnets will be aware of others on the fridge and communicate with them fridge magnets may one day be able to fix bad grammar and change the words to something they think is more appropriate . " the idea is that each magnet is aware of the other magnets on the fridge and they transmit information between each other ," says australian digital artist pierre proske . proske is working with researchers at the future applications lab of the viktoria institute in sweden to develop the intelligent fridge magnets . details will be presented at the international conference on intelligent user interfaces in sydney later this month . each fridge magnet consists of 16 - character liquid crystal display , rather than a magnetic strip with a printed word , proske says . the magnets can randomly generate a word , categorise that word ( as a noun , verb , adjective or adverb ) and transmit the category to any words they are placed next to . as you compose a poem , placing words in grammatical order , the magnets communicate with each other to learn the grammar rules you are using . once they are ' trained ', the magnets can change the words they are displaying to substitute words that don ' t fit the established grammar rules , like an autocorrect function . " so the actual word that ' s associated with each magnet can change depending on the way in which it ' s aligned ," says proske . reshuffling gives you a new word luckily if you don ' t like the word the magnet substitutes , you can always take the magnet off the fridge and shake it to reshuffle and get a new word . and the plan is for you to be able to reset the magnets completely so they forget all their grammar rules . of course , the magnets rely on being taught good grammar in the first place . " someone could instil bad grammar if they wanted to ," says proske . but he doesn ' t want to take all the fun for those kitchen - based party - goers that like making up crazy sentences on fridges . he says the system will only worry about which words can be immediately next to each other and won ' t be too strict about the grammar of the sentence as a whole . " this was deliberate to keep the sentences a little more poetic ," says proske . " the idea is it is still fridge poetry . we don ' t want to create sentences that make total sense ." changing words to fit themes the team also hopes that the magnets will be able to substitute words in response to stimuli other than bad grammar . for example , someone might have a set of magnets on the home fridge and a set of magnets on the work fridge that can communicate via wireless internet , says proske . if the magnets at home read , for example , " crazy kangaroos dream wildly ", those at work might change to " drunk wallabies laze around the pool ", in keeping with the australian theme . the team also suggest it might be interesting to apply their ideas to scrabble and crosswords but says further details on this are a subject for further investigation . proske and colleagues have so far half developed a prototype intelligent fridge poetry magnet system and are hoping to get more ideas at the sydney conference . and they ' re not just interested in generating another product for the consumer market . this is a " whimsical and accessible " way to contribute to the study of developing intelligent robots , says proske . over a not out into the which what because her up yours between each its once ours no had myself ours so further too most me yours for me out why very of as these who only until did but any been hers has both most i own what just theirs himself same here of to had nor you myself s a am are before as ours those same why herself a do to can is at once under was just all them just yourselves why themselves it my both themselves while his into him why some them but so himself some themselves which doing yourself again herself once being my same now in who more there or these themselves yourselves doing ourselves both these yours ours being can each having ours over the here they during but had you if below so here him am t such all few further those because what being he herself from or then does why while was them when themselves most while her yourself has by while how did ourselves been be so him will while where himself will those he been does you an the while most a can or yours myself being am has i where or other or few both did me while have themselves same them yours those and be do below theirs been and if what once more to have between same between but to again doing having from ours the their its has did of here ourselves my such through themselves theirs be so these should yourselves in an through all theirs which so who himself on before no theirs very than here should my there such had that me while only himself them over off does