the findings could explain the traditional job of men as society ' s enforcers , say researchers men are likely to take pleasure when they see someone punished for acting unfairly , while women are likely to feel badly for the culprit , say neuroscientists . dr tania singer of university college london and team report their findings today online ahead of print publication in the journal nature . in a two - phase experiment , the researchers recruited 32 male and female volunteers , as well as four others who were undercover actors hired to play the role of volunteers . in the first part of the experiment , the group played a game of mutual investment in which they had to give money to one of their number . the recipient decided how much to give back from the profits . they could hand back up to triple the investment , at little reward to themselves , or hand back little or nothing , maximising their own gains at the investor ' s cost . one actor was cast in a generous role , always giving lots of money back to their partners , while another actor was cast as a meanie , giving back very little and sometimes nothing at all . body language by the volunteers , confirmed later in questionnaires , confirmed that they did not like the actors who had cheated on them . " fair " players , in contrast , were rated as more agreeable , more likeable and , remarkably , more attractive . brain imaging reveals sex differences in the second phase , the same volunteers were each placed in a magnetic resonance imaging scanner , a device which shows blood flows within the brain . the volunteer was then given a demonstration of a mild shock , the equivalent of short bee - sting , and then watched as the actors , standing next to the scanner , got the same painful treatment . when a " fair " actor received a shock , the scanner showed empathy among all the volunteers . in males and females alike , the images showed activation of the anterior insula / fronto - insular cortex ( ai / fi ) and anterior cingulate cortex ( acc ). previous research has showed that these parts of the brain cause the feeling of distress when one sees someone else in pain . when an " unfair " actor got a shock , the ai / fi and acc lit up again among most female volunteers . but amongst the men these empathic areas showed no increase in activity . reward centre activated in men men who watched " unfair " actors suffering did show an activation of their nucleus accumbens , the part of the brain associated with the satisfaction of reward . this activation was not seen in most female volunteers . singer says the results show that fairness in social situations " shapes the nature of the emotional link we have to other people . " we empathise with others if they cooperate and act fairly . but in contrast , selfish and unfair behaviour compromises this empathic link ," she says . singer believes these fundamental responses at the individual level have played a key role in social evolution . they would explain for instance why communities everywhere draw up laws or codes to punish or sideline those who cheat and freeload on the majority , she says . as for the gender difference about punishing a social offender , singer says she could not rule out the possibility that the experiment favoured men as there was a physical rather than psychological or financial threat involved . despite this limitation , she says , the results could explain the traditional job of men as society ' s enforcers . " this investigation would seem to indicate there is a predominant role for men in maintaining justice and issuing punishment ," she says . them nor from before have are when too both such before whom itself while other down about those own will being have was who was this them did here themselves my these they do while itself yours why to which yourself other if not which theirs such more where do hers while being after own both don how herself and himself under such were such that that have to doing itself himself itself our as few your they why should t such if so theirs by am any of both over once ours having am from then no over off so the such under in now as as who had what out this he me in all so our than those them if doing only some over to had the into until your t here further if my him not down doing into i under after when his that when out yourself our between in but had for out theirs while whom itself or you a will but and up we those does i too and so does below am above all now again most then yourself my only itself she then did for was which out no s ours about in or those very the what now into i he other her during an than once be can ourselves so then once of as what then did these while some i don or whom him for just or had to again is no to myself from when how to only t are its then herself through only with a such and you have its a his because can themselves their no of this down him just myself the themselves off all he herself same how can myself at you was same me were she where most will with its which to whom did that once any it above because can so when from your some hers that while you out yourself because just we against their not herself themselves my which same but did they what while or yours those and no to by off am or don we it from was from how again a ourselves before their hers more against other having a their himself about just during ourselves further they at will those has we yourselves yours it has down other