nanoparticles may rescue us from the drudgery of cleaning the bathroom cleaning bathrooms could become a chore of the past with new coatings on bench surfaces , tiles and glass that do the job for you , say australian researchers . professor rose amal of the arc centre for functional nanomaterials and team are developing new coatings they hope will be useful for self - cleaning surfaces in homes and hospitals . " if you can have self - cleaning materials , you can do the job properly without having to use disinfectants and other chemicals ," says amal , based at the university of new south wales in sydney . tiny particles of titanium dioxide up to 20 nanometres in diameter are currently used on outdoor surfaces , such as self - cleaning windows . these titanium dioxide nanoparticles absorb uva light , ultraviolet light below 380 nanometres in wavelength . this excites electrons and gives the particles an oxidising ability more powerful than chlorine bleach . the nanoparticles can then kill microbes and break down organic compounds from vehicle and industrial emissions into carbon dioxide and water . surfaces coated with the titanium dioxide nanoparticles also have another property , called ' superhydrophilicity ' that helps them self - clean . this is when water does not form droplets , but rather runs straight off the surface , washing as it goes . changing the activating light but titanium dioxide can only be activated by uva and this is only present in sunlight , not other sources of light , like indoor light . this means that to date self - cleaning coatings have been limited to outdoor surfaces . amal and team have been modifying titanium dioxide nanoparticles so they can absorb light at higher wavelengths , in the visible spectrum , over 400 nanometres in wavelength . they have been doping titanium dioxide nanoparticles with a small amounts of other elements such as iron or nitrogen , in place of titanium or oxygen . lab trials show that glass coated with the new nanoparticles can be activated by visible light from a lamp to kill bacteria escherichia coli , and degrade volatile organic compounds . " if you can coat it onto a shower room , you don ' t have to clean the shower room that often ," says amal . " because of the oxidising properties , fungus will also not grow on the surface ." outdoor coatings could benefit too while amal says the self - cleaning coatings would be useful on tiles , glass screens and benches in bathrooms and hospitals , she says the nanoparticles could also be used to improve outdoor self - cleaning surfaces . uva only makes up 5 % of sunlight , she says , whereas the ability to use visible light would significantly increase the amount of sunlight that could be used . " if you use this material outdoors you can utilise more of the sunlight wavelengths ," she says . funding so far has been through the australian research council but amal says her team will be looking for commercial support down the track . she expects it will be another year before the nanoparticles will be ready for large - scale production . safety considerations amal says recent concerns about the toxicity of nanoparticles should not apply to those in the self - cleaning coatings because they are chemically glued to surfaces with polyethylene glycol , and so are not free to float in the air . " for this particular application i don ' t think it should be a problem ," she says . what why why a down if under each is i because under there his how against theirs same through the other have here being she having not t yourself same a here did how your each yours your your yourselves our whom myself out as was in but for if t is after under yourself am after its or up by there through do he yours at further how some nor be did now on ours under being themselves with and that and their who other just t them was the no its ourselves and their further nor its is am it while there while who how was up same should when they these they and yours on his own yourselves who he has against when at he her most only the nor out him how hers down when that has has in this under do with do her all ourselves by some she he when after and did by can herself which my here he up at too those this had in a same now myself again above a there if for some no what my we we or them not my her me against where up all all during most myself not doing or now themselves nor yourself whom too s here herself its while t when only am these it yours their ours so be both own below they between our in how our these now than on above your after again off they our over other he between than during when am himself should being should such just yourselves do were was off which most did yours than don only above only no an once on into but their the when most more will when hers there by should you into there through both below both is had having this to nor had any it once too we as our too we same where be can yourselves herself