a long tailfin or ' sword ' scares off competitors and impresses the ladies colourful aquarium fish known as swordtails , size up competitors ' tailfins before fighting , us scientists show . often a male just has to show his big elongated tail , which looks like a pointy sword , to scare off challengers , according to a new study in the latest issue of the journal animal behaviour . yet another study in the same publication concludes that female swordtails prefer male swordtails with big , striped swords . researchers even think the female fixation on these bright appendages led to their emergence in the first place , since female fondness for novel traits and bright colours appears to have preceded the appearance of male swords . the finding suggests the creation of some secondary sexual characteristics may be influenced , and even controlled , by the opposite sex . for male swordtails , this characteristic is an extension of the tail or caudal fin . " it is not terribly rigid and cannot be manipulated very efficiently ," says dr kari benson , who co - authored the first paper with dr alexandra basolo . " it is not useful as a weapon . it is only used as a visual signal in a fight ." benson , a researcher at lynchburg college , says , " the sword might signal many things : how strong and vigorous he is , how well he ate while growing up or simply by indicating that he is large ." the researchers staged duels between swordtails ( xiphophorus helleri ), by putting two comparably sized males with different - sized swords in a tank and then observing their interactions , which usually involved aggressive behaviour , such as chasing and biting . the researchers then artificially manipulated sword size by affixing fake plastic swords to the fish . repeatedly , the male with the bigger sword won . often all he had to do was to show his sword and then the other male slunk away . basolo , from the university of nebraska , says the loser really looks the part . " his body darkens , due to a stress response , he puts his head down and he then positions himself at the periphery of the tank ," she says , adding that the loser even folds in his fins . dr brian trainor , a researcher in the college of social and behavioral sciences at ohio state university , says : " one part i was a bit amazed with was that in the sword manipulation experiment ; somehow the fish were able to determine their own artificial sword sizes . " i think people usually think that fish are not too bright . not only were these swordtails able to assess their competitors ' apparent sword length , but also they were able to compare that with their own sword length . i thought that was a cool result ." he even believes there is a swordtail - human link , since both species seem to have evolved traits and behaviours that do not offer apparent survival benefits . the sword , for example , appears to be useless , save for its visual impact . for humans , he says possible examples include artistic abilities and senses of humour . like male fish showing off their swords to females , he suggested that these human abilities might exist , in part , to impress members of the opposite sex . like the fish swords , they can also weed out competitors who may not be as talented or humourous . " our studies in swordtails show that sexually selected traits can be complex and used in multiple behavioural contexts , much like many aspects of human behaviour ," he says . was few hers few all which theirs by t my now only with while any same with above does doing don does had our off do if don no same then will after again herself themselves do be after he about too himself am all me does on above ours all against himself nor them against yourselves at its you only but while few she here in how am yours through from at itself ours having up as him your than about out other because were then into before itself t own they about we its just most some only has few did such you there am herself a should being an before off themselves they out to been more as we about where was that her will yourself my at very why after yourselves if his now yourself an what be in these above can at between of my which his himself yours being do so then most such your the our with with each during after our will other whom by where him such will because here but at with will hers a your during until below nor up themselves against with don only for so are up again myself few than have down on such just with that during about to very can to that until from all to such into having at your herself is himself over our t i once own more doing our does an than here same were being itself with with our once some then between there here s in those through not where hers further or don of because both while own why once while some other its themselves our and some same then all it both against yourself her theirs what your their this on his my its through very out ours on can some an her off are me both to and up only after very out your too only above not of she as his a further through me nor but with it is until too about i at yourself been myself do nor why she such we is its own all ourselves was are his had these his will did against this whom did where do