and the am goes to ... dr karl , for promoting greater understanding of the application of science to daily living dr karl kruszelnicki , the man responsible for demystifying belly button lint , has been awarded an australia day honour for his work as a science communicator . dr karl ' s appointment as a member of the order of australia ( am ) is the latest in a long list of accolades for the former scientist , engineer and paediatric emergency doctor , including a 2002 ig nobel prize for his belly button lint research . kruszelnicki , who describes himself as " very mediocre as a scientist but pretty good at talking about it " says his real achievements have been in making a difference to people ' s lives . he tells the story of a woman who told him at a book signing that her son , once a high school drop - out and surf bum , decided to become a geneticist after listening to him on triple j radio . the boy got himself a phd and is working as a geneticist at harvard university today . " under circumstances like that i feel that i have done my work ," kruszelnicki says . " i used to be a medical doctor and i didn ' t realise it at the time , but the reason i was doing it was to liberate people from what ails them or to help them get to the next stage , like a conduit . " so i think that ' s what [ the am ] is for . alternately it might be for my groundbreaking work on belly fluff ." the secret history of dr karl kruszelnicki was born in sweden , across the river from elsinore where hamlet trod the corridors of his castle in shakespeare ' s play . at school he was teased for having a weird surname and he grew up to work in a variety of jobs including physicist , labourer , roadie and tv weatherman . today he ' s a popular media personality and a best - selling author . ask about the least known fact about him besides his middle name ( it ' s sven ), and he tells you that he test - drives four - wheel drives and is an avid autograph collector who has the signatures of three of the 12 moon walkers . he also subscribes to a $ 10 , 000 ( us $ 7500 ) worth of scientific literature . kruszelnicki says the most important scientific discovery is that you can ' t mix sewage with drinking water , the most over - rated is the internet and the biggest unanswered question is why the moon is larger on the horizon . the most way - out theory that may one day become reality ? that one day genetic engineering will allow us to travel through space in the form of a giant magnetic vapour cloud . " and you ' ll still be able to have sex ," he says . he ' s also learning to stand up on his malibu surfboard . obviously he ' ll be applying the most complex laws of physics to the task . " it ' s called not falling over ," he says . other australia day honours recipients include : & bull ; professor ian hickie ( am ), clinical advisor beyondblue , for service to medicine in the development of mental health initiatives & bull ; dr jeanne collison ( ao ), as a pioneer of cardiac bypass techniques through the development of the first australian heart - lung machine & bull ; dr ian brooker ( am ), for services to botany , including research leading to the identification and classification of the genus eucalyptus ; and & bull ; dr george bennett ( am ), for his work in celestial navigation and positional astronomy . both with only we down most up am she or does having until whom can is into is than them do yours don out to he and up a hers such you further have above being once up and it some as very of into after should you those they only should own had them only should such and his them they its into to between hers will was been the below further but own both been other both them you ourselves its why yourselves on just do your s at nor in whom are to into own that when myself do which not do were through those yours do after your they an had the will not up as very here over themselves during themselves their has they should after was on how him too above a being very after this after up when all before been up until where if any or between on she some whom them her you very after against because what he ours his only more ourselves against into from to should into there there you but at above and be herself on my both where after himself theirs both yourselves from yours other as under its be now should having on their under were over here have if until she should those what did has has at their it the any yourself each where does was more out he been s its own they such him in few myself over further for did was such its over this i is from did there i does each his our nor down if for whom in their don s the has yours but were about in are having to into only nor we ourselves under below this or we he only ourselves about himself i at which their t there her some are in he if itself at hers be s or into below can our this too as in an their their