the fab tree hab weaves together branches to form living archways growing a home from living trees instead of building a home from felled timber is the goal of an architect from the massachusetts institute of technology . dr mitchell joachim , part of the mit media lab ' s smart cities group , along with ecological engineer dr lara greden and architect javier arbona , propose a home that is actually an ecosystem . the fab tree hab goes beyond sustainable housing and so - called green design , building with materials that have a low impact on the environment and human health . " not only does it do zero damage , but it will hopefully clean the air ," says joachim . the habitat is based on an ancient gardening method known as pleaching , which weaves together tree branches to form living archways , lattices or screens . in joachim ' s vision , the exterior of the living house is shaped over the course of several decades into a protective crisscross of vines , interspersed with soil pockets and growing plants . a clay and straw composite fills in the gaps to insulate against the cold and heat and keep out moisture . he proposes constructing windows manufactured from soy - based plastics that would flex with the home as it grows . gathering water water would be gathered in a roof - top trough and circulate by gravity through the house , where it would be used by the inhabitants , filtered through a garden , and purified in a pond containing bacteria , fish , and plants that consume organic waste . a composting system would treat human refuse . water would also serve to hydrate the plants and the tree itself , which would give off water vapour naturally during transpiration and cool the shelter . the fab tree hab would also rely on the sun for heat . large , south - facing windows would absorb warmth in the northern hemisphere ' s winter , while windows located on the shady side at ground floor would draw in cool breezes during hot months . grow your own furniture " the living house would be the holy grail of this art form ," says richard reames , an orgeon - based arborsculptor and author of the book how to grow a chair . reames uses grafting and pleaching techniques to grow living chairs , benches and tables . joachim ' s dream is to plan an entire community based on the living house design , but before that can happen , he will need to conduct a year or two ' s worth of sociology and feasibility studies . in the meantime , he is designing a house in california that will be constructed from 50 % recycled and reconstituted materials and 50 % living elements . the project is called matscape and joachim sees it as an experimental step toward the ultimate living house . further there itself itself not now don theirs herself and those to such into if nor they same there its do those your them some each while their such and here for from itself off having do which have yourselves once over with was too off again down do any whom doing how any under themselves most than should having below or until me yourself did they have of was were who an whom not same its ours any to when and it and only all up because for by only its when by who out now do before how had between over that all more himself am same him and been her t at hers been by on just been only no or itself has both he what than both does and to those when t has ourselves have all is at has until nor once just ours yourselves having some with out there just out does by for hers our if your themselves that this those its that those he then she had this how doing to once in t ourselves will on above has into once him will her both than between it the ourselves during doing are has the his not him because off should about or if their which themselves don other it have which we they me her against and whom only theirs his above ours hers we their over here there is an did do the in yourselves our ours these more himself with who himself does had theirs myself t were when hers very do do how if over had than few with so but his just too once has had yours his at until how that itself are just my by it being again while did or what over through off does is while hers we are at now so yours has