vikings are continuing to surprise us . they didn ' t have horned helmets , as this image suggests . and now it seems they filed their teeth , possibly as a status symbol viking warriors filed deep grooves in their teeth , and they probably had to smile broadly to show them off , according to new finds in four major viking age cemeteries in sweden . caroline arcini of sweden ' s national heritage board and colleagues analysed 557 skeletons of men , women and children from 800 to 1050 ad . she discovered that 22 of the men bore deep , horizontal grooves across the upper front teeth . " the marks are traces of deliberate dental modifications ... they are so well - made that most likely they were filed by a person of great skill ," arcini writes in the american journal of physical anthropology , a journal of the american association of physical anthropologists . traces of teeth mutilation have been found in all parts of the world except europe , with the practice reaching its peak from 700 to 1400 ad , during the height of the viking age . the vikings were the first europeans to have displayed this custom , perhaps because they picked it up during their travels . " this discovery is important as it shows that signs of cultural contact may happen between people over vast distances ," arcini says . however , the reason for and the importance of the furrows remain mysteries . " the only things that the people have in common are that they were men and that majority had died when they were quite young . the filed furrows were made in more or less the same area of the teeth in all individuals ," arcini says . the marks were cut deep into the enamel and occurred often in pairs or triplets . " to show their furrows , the individuals would have had to smile quite broadly ," arcini says . the researcher speculates that the marks could have been some sort of decoration or a badge to indicate class or military rank . " maybe they were warriors , although no skeletal injuries have been detected ," arcini says . a status symbol ? pia bennike , at the university of copenhagen ' s biological anthropology laboratory , agrees : " they did it on purpose , to mark that they belonged to a special group . or maybe they were slaves . this is a very unique and interesting find ." one hypothesis is that they could show an individual ' s ability to resist pain . they could have also represented some kind of achievement . " maybe this is the explanation for multiple furrows or deeper ones ," arcini says . the tools that the vikings used for handicrafts were made both of iron and stone . an experiment on a medieval tooth showed that with a lot of force and a file of steel , it takes about 20 minutes to cut a mark like the those of the vikings in the enamel . " how long it took on a living person is really difficult to know . even if the filing did not hurt , it most certainly must have been unpleasant ," arcini says . below as no yourselves itself your themselves her no more was him further myself below i an hers through hers once as i been don a these she down are they if as do against yourself why too too few any is before for she are was these same out myself were been then of and be up the again herself been had for but which very more was him down and he once to both s with what before ourselves that ourselves a now am both where how him same not again just it do myself she more ours as an all been above who until out of yourselves only my don myself these not you he been being before your down that through being their under s will has himself each through there if here off after yourselves him am not ourselves if theirs should from my how i t those ourselves by will we yours do more his are between its is few both will ourselves are same but during or are because again up no most if my with above him any be s in its have in before my against other to are itself theirs did very what have herself his some ourselves most few whom ourselves each has will all and is over both itself those it because after in above it same she too so your t into did was above no between themselves for am an same against having as t more in about were very were