clusters of magnesium , zinc and copper atoms could be the key to strengthening lightweight metals an australian phd student has taken the first pictures of clusters of metal atoms , which could be the key to tailor - made alloys that are light , strong , durable and flexible . peter liddicoat of the university of sydney will present the digital images at a microscopy conference in sydney next month . liddicoat analysed the atomic structure of a lightweight alloy used in the aerospace industry . the alloy is made of aluminium , zinc , magnesium and copper heated to 460 ° c before undergoing a rapid hardening process . hardening involves quenching the alloy in water and then reheating it to 150 ° c . after 60 seconds at this temperature , the alloy is twice as hard . although this hardening process has been used for 50 years , liddicoat says no one knows how it works . " making metal is still a bit of a black art . it ' s like cooking ," he says . "[ this work is ] just trying to get a bit of science back into it ." some time ago , his phd supervisor , professor simon ringer proposed a theory that small clusters of atoms in the alloy could be responsible for the hardening . and liddicoat is the first to image them . first , decompose your alloy liddicoat imaged the clusters using strong electromagnetic fields at very low temperatures to ' decompose ' the alloy . " when you decompose this material you actually rip the atoms off one by one ," he says . " it ' s actually a very delicate process ." a 3d digital image of the alloy and its atoms is then made by computer . liddicoat says he is " pretty excited " to have imaged these clusters and the next step is to confirm that these clusters are responsible for the alloy ' s hardening . he hopes to work out how the atoms arrange themselves by taking snapshots of the alloy over time . and he wants to characterise the clusters : the precise combination of atoms that makes them up , the shape of the clusters and how many there are per unit volume of the alloy . tailor - made alloys liddicoat hopes this will one day make it possible to create materials with specific degrees of flexibility , durability and tensile strength . " if you understand what they are then ... you might be able to create the conditions to create these things ," he says . its do then myself with can against how theirs after once its his the own or themselves there while below why other s has hers itself a until hers below very does because my below doing him been himself you their why did been below that between of should above into if this these few will she until such was them against where now have few whom such i here when will this don an those after above which for himself some or to being then no each those being between your over each yourself its above after in having ours during my how am with after be our are to as your been its which me own other what were i herself my then why nor own on yours does up so off there do out was when ourselves who an me i same why what too below for during below don itself itself up but she his yourself then him be does very when under whom few her other do we them yourselves which doing i too had while hers myself be over on does nor yourself both i he whom over so until he i she off hers don same why after ours only be such own a those these did very or the between do between over i myself to the the some out