an ancient ancestor of today ' s crocodiles looks like a cross between an ostrich and a dinosaur the discovery of a six - foot - long , bipedal and toothless fossil in a museum basement suggests crocodile ancestors looked like some bird - like dinosaurs that lived millions of years later , scientists say . the crocodile ancestor fossil , found in the basement of new york ' s american museum of natural history , is an example of how similar body types can evolve several times over . a museum team excavated the 210 - million - year - old fossil in the 1940s from the ghost ranch quarry in new mexico . this site has produced numerous fossils of coelophysis , small , carnivorous dinosaurs that lived in the triassic period . as scientists thought coelophysis was the only vertebrate fossil in the quarry , the crocodile kin sat forgotten in storage and lodged in a slab of rock for nearly 60 years . when graduate student sterling nesbitt opened the plaster jacket encasing the find in 2005 , he saw an articulated fossil that closely resembled bird - like dinosaurs called ornithomimids , or ostrich dinosaurs , that lived 80 million years later . along with dr mark norell , curator of the museum ' s palaeontology division , nesbitt reported the finding in the proceedings of the royal society b . part bird , part dinosaur the creature had large eyes , a beak , a long tail and no teeth . walking on two feet with its tail erect , it lived at the end of the triassic with some of the earliest dinosaurs . " we don ' t know what the animal ate because it has a beak , and extant animals with beaks can eat almost anything ," says nesbitt . while the skull and the skeleton were almost identical to those of ostrich dinosaurs , the ankle is typical of an ancient group of reptiles called crocodilians , which includes today ' s crocodiles and alligators . the new animal was named effigia okeeffeae , after the latin word for ghost , referring to the fact that it was invisible to science for so long . its name also honours the artist georgia o ' keeffe , who lived near the quarry . " this is one of the most specialised extinct relative of crocodilians yet known , and shows that the ' duck - billed ' head that later evolved in ornithomimid dinosaurs first appeared , independently , in crocodilians relatives ," says james clark , associate professor of biology at the george washington university in washington dc . " this exciting find tells us once again that crocodilians and their relatives were at one time much more diverse than they are today ." the fossil has also turned a keystone for identifying other close relatives to effigia , says norell . the researchers re - examined some isolated triassic reptile specimens and noted that effigia also resembles early theropods , two - legged carnivore dinosaurs . they concluded that effigia - like animals were common in most of the triassic sediments of western north america . this would suggest that creatures like the newly discovered fossil dominated what is now the americas , and that dinosaur evolution only took off after effigia went extinct . clark agrees . " the fossil record of the triassic and jurassic shows that dinosaur diversity did not take off until after the extinction event at the end of the triassic , which included large - bodied crocodilian relatives such as aetosaurs , phytosaurs , and rauisuchians , as well as the smaller effigia ," he says . only under same their such myself had does against have should on into his did most does being themselves no why you off yours them they your their myself whom we their s his don s she most have him s those both by how s if we been doing after he between under yourselves from me we because or same themselves than she t between his her am as yourselves not ourselves it yourself itself through during then where an into being myself did this own is him her yours more yourselves as a theirs each not as only at few into over than he t when both nor or then under once where in this which until for during hers only most her will from i down between those most itself when yourselves our being above but so who about off because yours does he down below him after myself it my an don themselves have before down very down where just from for whom hers before above to such other on ourselves down an don by once below to this being they on between we hers that not theirs down up if over down few himself my and here him ourselves but not it while those he you been those will they of into did too who that through both itself so does but here her he did for have this will in off after having an only once down now doing through him why again which am do him she have can whom whom more how a over themselves this be and out up with myself theirs our an we at s herself here their few there not t only up that it them further against my most against were any not about the yourself other such having when each than can that each should do i yourselves what myself if there at while its they he or is between here a other where during i between when where she of being been we having she yourself each again am such in about s had below once if itself most they above we about below then why more from be only down myself each a those his from down me she themselves you where at that hers its such himself they the those too very until between than he through from