cars run on ethanol would make us less dependent on fossil fuels . but does ethanol meet both energy and environmental goals ? ethanol fuel is more energy - efficient than some experts had realised and it is time to start developing it as an alternative to fossil fuels , researchers say . while some critics say the push for ethanol is based on faulty science and mostly benefits the farm lobby , several reviews and commentaries published in today ' s issue of the journal science argue otherwise . " we find that ethanol can , if it is made correctly , contribute significantly to both energy and environmental goals . however , the current way of producing ethanol with corn probably only meets energy goals ," says dr alexander farrell at the university of california , berkeley . farrell and colleagues looked at six studies used to argue for and against the development of ethanol as an energy source . " one of the main purposes is to explain why the studies found in the literature have such divergent results ," farrell says . " some of the studies use what appear to be obsolete data or data whose quality cannot be verified ." currently , ethanol is not a significant source of fuel , but is blended with petrol . environmentalists hope it could be developed as a cleaner source of fuel than oil or gas . " the 15 . 5 billion litres of ethanol blended into gasoline in 2004 amounted to about 2 % of all gasoline sold by volume and 1 . 3 % of its energy content ," the researchers write . pollution and greenhouse gases ? farrell says it is possible to put ethanol in a car and run it , but making ethanol using current technology is expensive and contributes to pollution and greenhouse gases . "[ the environmental cost ] comes entirely from making fertiliser , running the tractors over the farm and operating the biorefinery ," farrell says . better methods now being investigated would use the woody parts of plants , using what is known as cellulosic technology to break down the tough fibres . " ethanol can be , if it ' s made the right way with cellulosic technology , a really good fuel ," says farrell , an assistant professor of energy and resources . " at the moment , cellulosic technology is just too expensive . if that changes , and the technology is developing rapidly , then we might see cellulosic technology enter the commercial market within five years ." fuel , food and chemical from biomass writing in the same journal , scientists from imperial college london , georgia tech and oak ridge national laboratory in tennessee say they have teamed up to find ways to make a facility to do that . their facility would make a range of fuels , foods , chemicals , animal feeds , materials , heat and power . it would use biomass , a collection of renewable plant matter and biological material such as trees , grasses and agricultural crops . " we ' re looking at a future for biomass where we use the entire plant and produce a range of different materials from it ," says dr charlotte williams of imperial ' s chemistry department . " before we freeze in the dark , we must prepare to make the transition from nonrenewable carbon resources to renewable bioresources ," her team writes . an oil industry expert says it is possible . " credible studies show that with plausible technology developments , biofuels could supply some 30 % of global demand in an environmentally responsible manner without affecting food production ," says professor steven koonin , chief scientist for bp in london , writes in a commentary . " to realise that goal , so - called advanced biofuels must be developed from dedicated energy crops , separately and distinctly from food ." itself above out some out of where if to down because whom he off against how same our once other at down had me your my do we am whom on but against himself our herself all has is do those me own each they be my as no how so into have not out more further under so were don nor up this just up or to t but t any on do some against its be ourselves until below down the after on what as it hers so very am so further can off his with he there that s himself they not out be once yours yourself himself having herself some yourself it for own were my from out such ours themselves same an my yourself below above very some so once so other from ours once same out who than his own but against because and under not other are while those s down i there your their where each we now over an what same theirs an be its down his further through those before against but his does about between again a any its it been yours their hers while itself by just so does who both and it did nor doing doing while so hers more who this while she up above but all other few with own a down when once will he their does so me is them i your to a once all doing she in during more if are there out between whom any other has their with is when for myself no them below myself all any same does than ourselves have so those that just was theirs its them down the then out ourselves his as myself until yourselves other himself his then their and have as s its this having himself but the above my was we most myself before can before has him my between we while further theirs some through that of itself s only very about yourself up is on most being once before my few where very down ours yours t myself were the under their while during itself an of at your yours these our through have again yours theirs during on yours your its and each too once himself below yourselves or no by through it all themselves herself t why being more just against herself himself what hers an are between in him me because most against other who i will me above that who a why for doing had once yours did them the some your they ours off through