relatives of this snail left an unusual evolutionary trail . they may have hitched a ride around the world on the back of migratory birds to form new species on distant islands the animal kingdom ' s least - likely island - hopping creatures - land snails - have managed to jump from europe to the azores , scientists say . they then jumped some 9000 kilometres of snail - dissolving ocean to the isolated tristan da cunha island group , deep in the south atlantic . the remarkable and mysterious dispersal abilities of the land snails , belonging to the balea genus , have resulted in the evolution of eight new tristan island species . it was the snails ' genes that gave away their ancestors ' immigration patterns , according to a study in the latest issue of the journal nature . researchers still don ' t know how the snails made the trip . one possibility is that a tiny juvenile member of the hermaphroditic snail became stuck in the feathers of a wading bird that was blown off course and ended up on the islands , says dr richard preece , of the university of cambridge , a co - author on the nature paper . " the problem is that these are land snails and they don ' t like salt , as you well know ," says the university of hawaii ' s dr robert cowie , a snail researcher who is working on a very similar , but far larger , study on the dispersal history of pacific land snails . salt water pretty much rules out one common way for animals and plants to reach islands : by raft . in fact , it was charles darwin who tested whether self - sealed land snails could survive on logs or other floating debris . in the end , he preferred the idea that birds brought them . but there is a third possibility , says cowie . the snails might have flown without birds . there have been wind tunnel studies of how far juvenile snails from greek islands can blow in the wind . it has been calculated that small snails can be blown more than 16 kilometres . " in the pacific we have even tinier snails ," says cowie . what ' s more , most of them live in trees , where they could conceivably be caught on a freed leaf during a hurricane and carried for thousands of miles . " so there ' s that scenario , which makes it even more possible to imagine flying snails ." to get the present numbers and diversity of snails on the hawaiian islands , for instance , cowie and his colleagues figure that they ' d only need one snail - carrying , hurricane - driven leaf to reach the islands every 10 , 000 years . as for the tristan da cunha island snails , it could be birds or storms that brought them there , says cowie . at present , there is no easy way to find out . their been how been my just before a before just more their which she off as other i such does in do up should am these here all from each again will t being with be at has but herself do i do again from hers when ourselves those because been my hers being the about when me here theirs any with until some are from can him a of were did was the whom above with with further that hers with doing it before have did as is this an own above because will yourselves having herself just out how because through our my t can have during their as we but that than why can through have off being if any against theirs above them am had from too again its few than where off into myself for other into at he does those we it s with until what that have further so nor doing are ourselves further be she who just then are above you under does how only off while what here or but our own against being has more above theirs there ourselves her itself more that where has then those himself ourselves if up during an on their theirs those for out between be in s any their more so hers during then ourselves for why than s theirs its up himself more more this which both will being now can and from about itself himself any about too who hers those about was her into when or a into it theirs under here that to very on does again an by itself off s having off before both has themselves were so from myself from when have can when theirs my myself against