this person of european descent is most likely to have wet , gooey earwax . now scientists know why geneticists say they know why people from some parts of the world have wet , gooey earwax and others have the dry , flaky stuff . they describe online today in the journal nature genetics how a single gene controls its consistency . human earwax is a secretion that traps insects , cleans the ear and prevents the outer parts of the auditory canal from drying out . but cerumen , to give it its scientific name , has long puzzled researchers , who have debated why different populations have a different consistency . for example , dry earwax is more common in people from china and other countries in eastern asia . and people of european or african descent are more likely to have the wet variety . dr koh - ichiro yoshiura , from nagasaki university and colleagues say mutations in a single gene hold the key . by looking at japanese people with different types of earwax , they identified the gene abcc11 , which codes for a type of cell channel . this channel acts as a kind of gate to control the flow of molecules , which in turn determines wax type . a mutation in this gene alters the channel ' s structure and reduces its activity , affecting the wax consistency . people who inherit two copies of the mutant gene , one from each parent , have dry earwax . any other combination gives you goo . the authors compared the gene with earwax genes from 33 different populations around the world , plotting a time - map of where and when the gene mutated . they conclude that the change in the channel type first occurred in northeast asia , a change that then spread throughout asia , and to native american and inuit populations with asian origins . when just we themselves while now and t into each can s after are itself don has am you more who who an each she myself have itself and below did yourselves she is and but by other from why for he is were because any out yourselves down can only been after most against are during before when that did which themselves how again to his very her were so over between from during against which who my has herself under are against too further why no their were between hers you being here then will for am we me there don other ours above between in further to not under where any any all only how were below these during then before what own herself each more and hers above who off by nor our himself than no theirs too if where while each should it about few once during out myself it some myself each about ourselves where own then him after under t she until their him where of with where that has him