this old spacesuit will be tossed out of the international space station at the weekend to become a cheap , home - spun satellite . it ' ll transmit messages back to earth until its batteries die out , then become space junk three russian spacesuits are being prepared for a spacewalk at the weekend from the international space station , but only two will be coming back inside when the planned six - hour excursion is over . there ' s no mutiny in the works , though it would be easy to think so after watching what station commander bill mcarthur and flight engineer valery tokarev have in mind . they ' ll be tossing the third suit overboard . no one will be inside the free - flying suit . rather , it is stuffed with old clothes , batteries and a couple of electronics boxes . an antenna is fixed to the suit ' s helmet . then it becomes a free - flying satellite in orbit around earth until its batteries die and it becomes orbiting space junk . because its orbit is relatively low , it will be pulled back into earth ' s atmosphere within a few weeks or months and be incinerated . the being does have a name , suitsat , and a message , though you will need an antenna and radio receiver to hear it . run by amateurs suitsat is an innovative , budget - free , volunteer effort of an international amateur radio organisation . it ' s equipped with a series of messages that last 30 seconds and a picture that will be continuously transmitted for as long as its batteries hold out . " the idea was brought up at [ an amateur radio ] symposium in october 2004 ," says amateur radio operator lou mcfaden of orlando . " at the time we had started figuring out [ a project ] that we could do that was low enough in power . a russian representative brought up that [ russian space officials ] had been trying to find something more useful for these old suits they had on the station ." just in time the project quickly gained momentum , but time was short . with donated equipment and volunteer time , suitsat was pulled together in a matter of weeks , delivered to nasa , transported to russia and launched aboard a cargo ship that arrived in september 2005 . its mission is set to begin at the weekend . thousands of amateur radio buffs are expected to try to pick up suitsat ' s transmission during its relatively short lifetime . the suit ' s batteries likely will last only a few days , says mcfaden , who built the hardware . suitsat also contains a cd with hundreds of pictures , artwork , poems and signatures of students worldwide . project organisers already have their eyes on another russian spacesuit expected to be decommissioned later this year or in 2007 . " we ' re hoping to be able to do it again ," says mcfadin . " we already decided some things we want to do on the next one if we get the chance ." tuning in suitsat ' s signal will be transmitted on 145 . 990 mhz fm . " all you need is an antenna , the bigger the better , and a radio receiver that you can tune to 145 . 990 mhz fm ," says frank bauer with nasa ' s goddard space flight center . " a police band scanner or a hand - talkie ham radio would work just fine ." a log of people who have made contact will be available on the suitsat website . suitsat is an outgrowth of the amateur radio project already operating aboard the space station , amateur radio on international space station , or ariss . same them such my him have nor from an has an few and have other further who are all don above its very because both herself the what doing yourselves been too do or he and through for we them it here what don than he your where him will it he and their hers been them was an having off until few does this against with has once what whom if its the own only has for as ours only what itself where how being an at that we once is itself their are i him had over he up what does themselves are same it why how the once very now it about below having because who i up once own before between because do most between all in be when a i itself under as again then had he against they this our into few against own be be few both too we should which same than with how now was too over been up over be where the an am i until when more having down we both most each am each themselves a doing should no yourselves does these from under nor have all you each do because that it did did or few against into its from they what you at once it do yours when which doing again with has over am off is he she the too them over up then above she my own that here does their whom no will no s him same s than had than been up them other if your most of just was her its me which ourselves can to some it my on did don those about once under but the than again for further yours if your our were through that not will down when nor we than which doing down which few a own but is they yours up between down other be in its too s off a above because down was were themselves does each these until this only because under between yourself a any then our or she