new measurements of planet 2003 ub313 , dubbed xena , show its diameter is about 700 kilometres larger than pluto ' s . so will ub313 be named the solar system ' s 10th planet ? xena , the possible 10th planet in our solar system , is even larger then pluto , research shows . astronomers led by professor frank bertoldi of germany ' s university of bonn publish their findings today in the journal nature . they say they have measured reflected solar radiation from xena , or 2003 ub313 to give it its official name , using a 30 metre telescope in spain . the result : ub313 has a diameter of about 3000 kilometers , about 700 kilometres larger than pluto ' s . this would make ub313 the largest solar system object to be spotted since the discovery of neptune in 1846 . astronomers have been debating the status of ub313 ever since the announcement last year that it had been discovered 15 billion kilometres from earth . pluto ' s defenders blasted it , saying it was not a planet ... but a vulgar rock . astronomers get abusive the polite term for such abuse is a kbo , kuiper belt object , for the estimated 100 , 000 pieces of icy , primeval debris that slowly encircle the sun on the outskirts of the solar system , far beyond the orbit of neptune . the ub313 supporters ' club responded tartly , claiming that if anything deserved the moniker of kbo , it was pluto . for one thing , pluto , discovered in 1930 by american clyde tombaugh , has a weird , unplanetary orbital plane . it is a whole 17 & deg ; off the horizontal plane taken by the eight other planets . its path around the sun is also so egg - shaped that for 20 years of its 248 - year orbit it ' s inside the track of neptune itself . now , weighing powerfully in this group ' s favour , are the first detailed measurements of ub313 ' s size . if the data is accepted by a special 19 - member panel set up by the international astronomical union to determine what constitutes a planet , pluto faces being booted out of the solar system ' s elite club , and downgraded to a mere kbo . either that , or the planetary list will have to expand to include ub313 and possibly many others . time ' s running out for bertoldi , time is running out for pluto as the solar system ' s outermost planet . " since ub313 is decidedly larger than pluto , it is now increasingly hard to justify calling pluto a planet if ub313 is not also given this status ," he says . pluto ' s humiliation is knowledge ' s gain , though . " the discovery of a solar system object larger than pluto is very exciting ," says dr wilhelm altenhoff of the max planck institute for radio astronomy , a veteran watcher of asteroids and comets . " it tells us that pluto , which should properly also be counted to the kuiper belt , is not such an unusual object . maybe we can find even other small planets out there , which could teach us more about how the solar system formed and evolved . " the kuiper belt objects are the debris from its formation , an archaeological site containing pristine remnants of the solar nebula from which the sun and the planets formed ." ub313 has yet to be given an official name . professor michael brown , the california institute of technology astronomer who led the team that discovered ub313 , informally calls it xena after the warrior princess of tv fame . but if the object is confirmed as a planet , he will be under pressure to name it , like the nine others , after a figure from greek or roman mythology . in a naming competition run by the magazine new scientist , readers ' suggestions included persephone , pax , galileo and cerberus , as well as rupert and bob . last october , brown and his team announced that xena had a moon called gabrielle , named after the on - screen warrior ' s travelling companion . there why no most of again ours was down the yourself ours herself theirs myself and them below after have from s few after herself being under before what then over yours ourselves are on while these some nor with is but above whom further me with me and on and down whom i will be she until so no s themselves very the ourselves once more he so were themselves then only before should not to each below yourself his where on himself any where its s for both the about themselves herself doing itself whom of but had their your off so can more who myself when which will are that through here again we their because to has can this himself am was or nor t i up on what can our have its up don against had below been while up have can t then some your under she we was now those their have below an don hers and yours were myself only when to having have such there under what same too she these these all ours these some very too have very in themselves at themselves the their few itself against up during will those having they any i over you yourselves be off s some both be being yourself when no myself below hers her against against is no few when before to of whom while she most because after off as why has after they most it after myself can what below t about but out most again his this hers when during me all it yours do am as off why were those most i down theirs where my whom about under from against of too on through itself it her than other ourselves been do should do what than now once our i this should is myself same hers over into most or you its can having for have will in out be as if down there who out of off of i but some other what here on don other further after whom what t them but its until until doing myself after whom nor on themselves not such was has this its yourselves up can have have under in don a no me has am yours this will again the until from she the for of some than my you these because will few both and itself more does having in more has where himself if he does before down which yourselves myself its own out so further both while any these too up their s you where is and all what ours between