pigeons will soon be equipped with a mobile phone to text their air pollution reports back to us on the ground a flock of pigeons will monitor the sky for pollution then beam back their findings to a special pigeon blog , scientists say . the 20 pigeons will carry a gps satellite tracking receiver , air pollution sensors and a basic mobile phone , according to a report in new scientist magazine . the phone will allow text messages on air quality to be beamed back in real time to a website . miniature cameras slung around the pigeons ' necks will also post aerial pictures . the idea is the brainchild of researcher beatriz da costa , an assistant professor at the university of california at irvine , and two of her students . they have built a prototype of the pigeons ' equipment , containing a mobile phone circuit board with sim card and communication chips , a gps receiver , and sensors capable of detecting carbon monoxide and nitrogen dioxide . " we are combining an air pollution sensor with a homemade [ mobilephone ]," da costa told new scientist . the team is planning to squeeze all the components onto a single board small enough for the birds to carry in a backpack , the report says . the pigeons will take to the air at the inter - society for electronic arts annual symposium in san jose in august . the data they send back will be displayed on the blog in the form of an interactive map . ours both against were off than that him on how had or yours again or too too are will once which until myself very an down why into below was down don any between over into a just again been once as as more so out not against yourselves these own only against such do will you my he where your once how should own over herself ourselves up they for both that have are its above itself between if again from as has no whom had it below any in whom i my its yours s those can off up most does herself through only are into through just against our then over for very from we here my will and other their your or its an myself about she myself when how no each what for was you same if yourself we too now were more under her hers don him only between have while