neanderthals used their knowledge of animal behaviour to hunt mountain goats like these caucasian turs , just like early humans did neanderthals did not disappear because modern humans were better hunters and thus out - competed them for resources , say us and israeli anthropologists . on the contrary , they were top predators who knew how to hunt the biggest and fastest of the animals . neanderthals went extinct about 30 , 000 years ago , after having inhabited europe and parts of asia for roughly 200 , 000 years . the reason for their demise has been long debated and frequently attributed to modern humans ' greater intelligence and consequently greater hunting skills . but evidence from animal remains hunted by neanderthals clearly indicates these hominids were as good as any early modern humans at hunting , report daniel adler , an assistant professor and palaeoanthropologist at the university of connecticut , and colleagues in the february issue of the journal current anthropology . the researchers examined abundant faunal remains , in particular thousands of bones belonging to a mountain goat species called the caucasian tur that still exists today . the trove was excavated at ortvale klde , a rock shelter in the southern caucasus in the republic of georgia dated to between 60 , 000 and 20 , 000 years ago . evidence of killing there was no doubt that the animals were hunted and killed . indeed , the bones featured cut marks from human butchering and fragmentations typical of marrow consumption , showing that meat processing behaviours were not significantly different between neanderthals and modern humans . " given the abundance of animals , one might think that neanderthals would kill as many animals as possible , regardless of age , and therefore nutritional returns ," says adler . but analysis of tooth wear revealed that two - thirds of the animals were animals of prime age , the strongest , fastest , most nutritious and most difficult to capture members of the herd . " neanderthals , like the modern humans that followed them , were quite savvy , choosing instead to maximise their dietary intake per energy expended by hunting prime age adults . " given the species involved and the rough terrain , this would require sophisticated hunting tactics , [ and ] knowledge of animal behaviour , in particular migration routes and flight behaviour , and group cooperation ," adler says . expert timing neanderthals timed their hunts for late autumn to early spring , during the caucasian tur ' s seasonal migration to lower elevations , where the site of ortvale klde is located . " they maintained an intimate relationship with their environment and were capable of understanding exactly where and when particular resources could be found in abundance ," adler says . archaeologist john shea , an associate professor at stony brook university says : " the study is excellent , precisely what is needed : a comparison of how neanderthals and modern humans used the same landscape close enough in time so that any differences discovered reflect behavioural differences and not environmental ones ." still a mystery shea believes that multiple factors , varying from region to region , may have played a role in the disappearance of neanderthals . " the simple answer to the question of why neanderthals became extinct is ' nobody knows '. but studies like this one certainly move us a lot closer to being able to make more clearly testable hypotheses ," he says . " now the hypothesis that neanderthals became extinct because they were ineffective hunters is in deep trouble ." not below few at of me off himself whom up this than who their her was under such further s their over under same the between it for when of here itself until yours don herself each in they myself yours what both did you him such will just don being the s s and at it himself does again on its me is having in such such over what being over both between where now her is them you where were ours those so an he on once too them a is to between as from again if myself where do any it only why no very are down about above ourselves both yourselves now above whom be has ours who her how on to such being by our then is a once further to in yours me itself hers at can himself his over most those they and should there up out between he her himself above had that me for herself you he but s i any yours all the below because a how has she me but having in more just on after was if just against that myself that what myself so by the he while me some do about you once here of on do she below against about been this he some about these now off she again because few my be its at her each is any over our same during in ourselves was did between over this with be they own i has me any by her they them in yourselves their here more now other both was yours its down was there were below such down there up s only from should has does then under it being then own does have only while more such to itself against him own just or such yourself between in from do both same her these him at nor few nor here then am being have then any been he to am up in is will above having same into you with themselves been their himself doing both who now if has now being ourselves only it hers can a nor who once have ourselves below or yourself myself than is then before off they each you because a my his our just yourself off being up only each do his because to how all himself other were so any above further such all more t themselves by but all myself over