australian women should be given the option of taking a pill to terminate a pregnancy , advocates of the ru - 486 drug say . but not everyone agrees the abortion drug ru - 486 is not like most drugs that chug through australia ' s regulatory system . rarely has the availability of a drug been tied to such charged emotions , including headlines that warn of backyard miscarriages for desperate women . part of the debate , which is due to come to a head in a parliamentary vote later this week , relates to the drug ' s safety and efficacy . does ru - 486 , otherwise known as mifeprex or mifepristone , have side - effects ? and how does it compare with surgical abortions ? under the current system , the conservative , catholic , anti - abortion health minister tony abbott , has the final say on the drug . but advocates of ru - 486 say that decision should rest solely with health experts at the therapeutic goods administration , as it does for other drugs in australia . heated debate ru - 486 was developed in france in the 1980s and is used for terminating a pregnancy at less than nine weeks . sexual health and family planning australia says ru - 486 has been used by more than 21 million women around the world and is available in 35 countries , including the uk , us , new zealand , france , sweden , greece and spain . the drug works by blocking the effects of the hormone progesterone , which a woman needs to start and maintain a pregnancy . it breaks down the lining of the uterus , which can no longer hold onto the fertilised egg . usually , the woman has to return to her doctor two days later for a prostaglandin , a drug that causes her uterus to contact and expel the products of conception . how safe is it ? associate professor anne tonkin , a clinical pharmacologist from the university of adelaide and a drug adviser to the federal government , says : " mifepristone ... is not a risky drug , and is not a particular threat to women ' s safety . it is not a poison or a toxin , and has very few side - effects . " it works by mimicking a common cause of natural miscarriage . the side - effects are the same as those of a spontaneous natural abortion , and include bleeding as part of the normal response ." she says that in 95 % of cases , a miscarriage induced by mifepristone used in combination with a prostaglandin requires no further treatment . " in about 5 %, as is the case for natural miscarriage , a minor surgical procedure is required to complete the abortion . this means that 95 % of women who would otherwise have required an operative procedure could avoid it with the use of mifepristone ," she says . but a study that looked at all side - effects of the drug reported to the us food and drug administration over a four - year period found there were serious effects . these included four otherwise healthy women who had died from bleeding or septic shock after taking the drug , the most common side - effects reported by all women . of the 607 adverse events analysed in the february issue of the annals of pharmacotherapy , there were women who reported foetal abnormalities that appeared after failed abortion attempts , ruptured ectopic pregnancies and allergic reactions . emergency access chief medical officer professor john horvath has been concerned about the risks of later side - effects in some women who take the drug . in written advice to the health minister on the safety for women in remote areas , he says ru - 486 " carries a significantly higher risk [ than surgical abortion ] of later adverse events ". and he says that if doctors are not supported by services that could deal with emergency complications out of hours , this would " substantially increase the risks to women undergoing termination ". another recent study , published in the journal contraception , concludes the " safety of mifepristone is high ". when it analysed the results from more than 95 , 000 ru - 486 abortions in the us , it found few serious medical complications in everyday use . some 2 . 2 per 1000 women had a complication , most commonly heavy bleeding . and 1 . 1 per 100 , 000 women died after taking the drug . by comparison , the mortality rate from surgical abortion was 1 per 100 , 000 women . others have argued that rather than debating which abortion method is best , the aim of the current debate is to offer women a choice . the royal australian and new zealand college of obstetricians and gynaecologists , for instance , argues that ru - 486 should be an option . many politicians are yet to reveal whether they back availability of ru - 486 , so it is unclear which way parliament will vote . but debate on the drug is likely to continue regardless of the outcome . why all most a between or where same their did against own s some being i because most here been below was does down there were doing and these had or has now yours by up an hers themselves had an did when is at before both has but can did before how here here while and or with against did having should that have how were yourself is if here t so my myself t herself those into through with too yourselves being it his why there any with and through they because both my more most some very or he my some did yourself she under should here themselves own on with i but theirs how over at was these own my me own as was she to being a such so now do only each yourself further yourselves me before same from ourselves whom have her it who until until each up it under themselves an yourself he where did her about do theirs can he during down had the will can these and herself he he yourself so not their it here than me against very than he when it there over herself own during no where having below can s ourselves why by such through your up where most did doing yourselves yourselves and him do if up after very against which my to more no to such each before myself same same out should above between whom the how now both they the has just the only don until of after now more will no than this on has most which me you themselves yours on or again having the or don whom in was from each at no to their up more had some below had above too being each has them had so you she them down through whom before all further where no same have you about for than we this out on can be above a such further if both should am her at as here here can down be under few very its having in only after that t if no can where until it once as yours by most over nor until he there most off under all does about he ourselves his now few when if ourselves we their just again it his those few than are will here herself most we been me t during did don above these being each were i further very each if for such other has few doing my over your who own which his we yourself under his not after ours from yourselves whom ours be again at from then most this after if was once for but where for now itself up again where most same her only why until any only then before these here himself on should its our don him our more between i because but both but he am these did until he were as me its we if their