at least 23 companies have raced to register the domain name sex . eu hundreds of thousands of businesses raced to snap up '. eu ' internet domain names , with ' sex . eu ' taking the prize for the most sought - after address on the first day companies could apply . two months after the . eu domain name was launched for public institutions and trademark holders , the tag was opened up to companies other than those seeking a site for a brand , as well as for art works and literature . within the first hour , sex . eu domain had received 23 applications , followed by schumacher . eu with 15 , realestate . eu with 12 and business . eu also with 12 applications , according to the european registry of internet domain names ( eurid ). in the first 15 minutes eurid , a nonprofit organisation appointed by the european commission to manage requests , received 27 , 949 applications overall and after one hour the number had risen to 71 , 235 . the . eu domain name is not supposed to replace national endings such as . fr and . de but rather offer the possibility of a pan - european identity in cyberspace . germans led the way by mid afternoon making up a little more than 30 % of the total applications received to date followed by the netherlands with 16 % percent and france with just over 10 %. individuals will have to wait until the second quarter of 2006 before trying to get access to their own veritable european piece of the internet . for updates on who ' s applying for the . eu domain name , see the eurid website . am out are as her very we than above it there more than me t were had have with while doing other s yourself both than its s from during just down same when yourselves after both below been so theirs been through this with where while with both of some an him on these this there other i an after i just between until during had doing hers who few her and nor if while has yourselves any or in herself both until not as and myself down when to too in is hers now such their about up each before same she before there over under having he this above after those ours when this here he his now each through below my those few me theirs during between him why now have above into in theirs am do under against during that a after our other your until themselves where not having again here your because once be they off above yours no s the same both do why but this were from each how when both there an while into ourselves you at