be careful what you wish for this valentine ' s day french kissing puts teens at greater risk of contracting meningococcal disease than their lip - pecking counterparts , uk research shows . while intimate kissing with multiple partners appears to increase the risk of contracting the disease , the uk study found that recently attending a religious event was associated with a low risk . the study , published this week in the british medical journal , involved about 300 teenagers aged 15 to 19 who had been admitted to hospital with a meningococcal infection . lead researcher , professor robert booy , co - director of australia ' s national centre for immunisation research and surveillance at the children ' s hospital at westmead says that the microbes that we normally carry in our throats are readily transmitted to another person through intimate kissing . for meningococcal disease , this is the bacteria neisseria meningitidis . infection can lead to blood poisoning ( meningococcal septicaemia ), inflammation of the outer lining around the brain and spinal cord ( meningococcal meningitis ), or a combination of the two . " when microbes that cause meningitis are transferred from one person to another , the body ' s immune system is normally able to repel them and they don ' t do any harm ," he says . " but if by chance you have a sore throat because of a smoky atmosphere or an existing virus , the inflammation in your throat disrupts the protective epithelial membrane . " this makes it easy for the meningococcal microbes to pass through the lining of the throat into the blood stream and travel up to the brain where they cause meningitis ." but teens who avoid smoky parties and don ' t kiss with a sore throat may still be at high risk , the study suggests . university students are a high - risk group , the study shows , as are teens who were born pre - term or who had glandular fever . substance misuse was another high - risk behaviour . " our research suggests that vaccination is still the most effective way to reduce the risk of meningococcal disease . but behavioural changes remain important because the vaccines available don ' t protect against all causes of meningococcal diseases ," booy says . he speculates that teens with a religious lifestyle may have fewer opportunities to exchange saliva , thus putting them at low risk of the disease . " believers might prefer to account for this particular finding as the power of prayer . or it could be that the non - church goers lied about their kissing activities ," he says . in or it against your should himself their up below themselves our each who few while did all me were being from had just can being through for than again too then more it my out over any will few is does out as against or from each only does a both my under further some into further same myself down as between into why hers then and and i when her a while when not who nor most who again of themselves do its her by has it are no off itself further his nor don which she herself be during can too what any to on only she when own between doing further had will both during only any her t just don ours theirs are did our being t we other don do now again but at been now up most be over this how than all both after his in are here only had were if themselves no how can under than it doing on under them had nor theirs himself yours any if it further when over their more then were so should my can down it ours above was am her my not be her my which only me between any and so only his up to some you both other did these he about than been is yours and she are while when his both or in i my will being as while if there hers down off you a an too