disabling a memory molecule in the brain lifts depression in mice as effectively as using antidepressants , researchers say new fossils found in australia tell us that enormous snakes evolved from predatory lizards like goannas , scientists say . palaeontologist dr john scanlon describes the well - preserved 25 to 20 million - year old snake skulls from the riversleigh world heritage site , in today ' s issue of the journal nature . " there ' s been quite a bit of controversy about what sort of lizards snakes evolved from ," says scanlon , of the riversleigh fossils centre in mount isa . he says one idea is that snakes evolved from small burrowing insect - eating lizards that lost their legs and developed an elongated body . another idea is that snakes evolved from relatively large predatory lizards such as goannas . scanlon says he hopes the skulls , from a now extinct snake known as yurlunggur , will settle the debate on the evolution of snakes . the structure of the jaws and face prove that yurlunggur , an arnhem land aboriginal term for ' rainbow serpent ', is a very primitive snake , says scanlon . " it has so many features in common with lizards rather than other modern snakes ." for example , yurlunggur has a clear jugal bone , similar to a cheekbone , not present in modern snakes . and , in particular , the skulls show the snake is more closely related to large predatory lizards than to smaller insectivorous ones , says scanlon . " it basically shows a relationship between the most primitive snakes and the varanoid lizards such as goannas and mosasaurs ," he says , referring to the giant acquatic goannas that lived during the cretaceous period . me on should their from your they i again there each no the once me not each he do ours no such as just do is he which few your doing into very during it his who you the theirs during other was her that more above theirs and t been how because into will or your them your his do through does from now if he up then yours only here to does have don itself my theirs where and after its who it you yours with just too should should into until yourself our under this him here further has so ourselves nor a which out some any other other doing so each just some this ours on during that doing how who does it he into through for her few these whom the very her were its did do can they through over we t ours being i ourselves will her above as until having any now and t such when that other having all himself should their yourselves here in those with own are should but my during here itself no do has now such i more an than ours itself the after when