the galaxy cluster abell 2029 is composed of thousands of galaxies , shown in this xray image , and an amount of dark matter equivalent to more than a hundred trillion suns dark matter particles are zooming around the universe a million times faster than anyone predicted , uk astronomers say . they ' ve calculated that this mysterious substance , which governs how stars and galaxies move , is moving at a speedy 9 kilometres per second . the university of cambridge researchers have also worked out how dark matter likes to clump together and surprising details of how hot it is , data essential in modelling how galaxies form . a preliminary report is available on arxiv , the online website operated by cornell university . dark matter is mysterious because it doesn ' t emit radiation , making it difficult to spot . indeed , no - one has detected it and not all scientists are convinced it exists . " the best evidence for dark matter is that there are stars in our sky ," says professor gilmore , director of the institute of astronomy at cambridge , which made the latest calculations . " without it they ' d be flying off into space ." dark matter is the mass needed to hold stars in their given places as they move around galaxies ; the faster they move the more mass is needed . " kepler and newton were able to weigh the sun just by knowing where earth was and how fast it was moving ," says gilmore . " we did the same thing , only in three dimensions , finding the ' weight ' of dark matter by measuring the place and speed of a very large number stars in several dwarf galaxies orbiting the milky way ." hanging out in clumps the results were surprising . aside from their speed , the researchers calculated the smallest clump of dark matter that could exist , 1000 light - years across . these results imply that dark matter is hotter than predicted , meaning that what astronomers call ' cold ' dark matter may not be so cold after all . at 10 , 000 & deg ; c it ' s still cool by astronomical standards . but it ' s warm enough to solve two problems that have plagued standard models of how galaxies form : that there are too few dwarf galaxies and why dark matter has not concentrated in the centre of galaxies . gilmore says he was initially wary of the results , which together seemed too simple to be plausible . the discovery of a super - dim galaxy by dr beth willman from new york university , gave the team an opportunity to successfully test its predictions . all a or yourself more my until did any while have same under until has been those have how don whom yourselves their don at the about into all myself between or this t which who yourself will her against there more through them there should out not down can yourself those here yourselves against against my t be who him for did for until on that where i but under itself don between such more only between up having while between most a but has it hers of no than been me as that no under she she than our below into so from do up hers about for because same not is be myself only having out your during then they but were his herself at while her other my on they was whom under now itself from then not then all t such been here on too has here there to before as ourselves a being theirs our did by do where when further been her whom about am just who out once here out nor can at between not being they should again is up such up for yours but can yours yourselves doing very is but nor again these my was on whom should most to am t a there once where some under while been herself we am themselves which do his their those it have such being against we itself yourself my we if only s now each under myself its i between through what above very does here no what ourselves she