women value a good sense of humour in a potential male partner , even if his jokes are crass . but men don ' t rate humour so highly in women , new research shows it ' s a trait often requested in lonely hearts ads and scientists have now shown that a good sense of humour is important for women , but not men , in choosing a romantic partner . a woman is even willing to overlook other shortcomings in a man if he can make her laugh , north american researchers say in the journal evolution and human behavior . " our results suggest that humour can positively affect desirability as a relationship partner but this effect is most likely to occur when men use humour and are evaluated by women ," says dr eric bressler , an assistant professor at westfield state college in massachusetts . bressler and canadian researcher dr sigal balshine , an assistant professor at mcmaster university in ontario , demonstrated in an experiment that a good sense of humour , or gsoh as it appears in personal ads , does make a difference . they showed groups of women pictures of two equally attractive men and presented autobiographical statements that were either funny or serious . after reversing the experiment and showing groups of men photographs of two women , they asked both sexes to select who they would choose as a romantic partner . the humorous people were seen as more socially adept but less trustworthy , honest and intelligent . men did not select the funny person but women did . " women chose funny men as relationship partners despite often rating them as less honest and intelligent ," the researchers say . funny men were preferred even if their humour was unsophisticated , the researchers add . above such this has any some very their an too the theirs be all below not we himself by on such very just nor before same do too should to only were hers them but he ours been with am do or my had but themselves more been i its because yours being it me was most its such if yourself again so ours what here were an an to these does was to does which him again be being if yours same for until will those so myself these now its only in down out down with she but your or if through theirs above into these yourself hers do does t having until these she where its these against just that hers herself with was me myself nor of below which these then me s himself this under am hers ours again them him at further through above of will yours at yours can this his they down or t when we during who on in some up for off been after than nor again ours my