is the court making different rules for copyright protection in the online world ? record companies are being given the power to veto the design of new digital communication technologies , say advocates of online civil liberties . the claim , by electronic frontiers australia ( efa ), comes on the eve of an appeal against a landmark ruling last year against providers of the internet file - sharing software kazaa . kazaa is one of a number of free software packages that allow people to swap files over the internet . record companies complain that such peer - to - peer file - sharing software leads to people illegally downloading their copyrighted music . and last year they took the providers of kazaa software to the federal court of australia . the court found the providers guilty of " authorising " copyright infringement by encouraging millions of users to download music from artists ranging from powderfinger and radiohead to christine anu and robbie williams . the court also ordered the providers of kazaa to modify the software to contain filters that would make it difficult for users to search for copyrighted works specified by the record companies . on monday 20 february , the providers of kazaa will appeal against this decision . and the efa , with the new south wales council for civil liberties and the australian consumers ' association , is applying to take part in the appeal . efa is also worried that this kazaa ruling could one day lead to email providers inappropriately monitoring , filtering or blocking messages . concerns record companies focus on the illegal uses of peer - to - peer file - sharing software . but efa is worried last year ' s kazaa ruling , and the order to modify the software , will hinder people who want to use it legally . it says filtering may catch files that are not infringing copyright , for example music already in the public domain or music deliberately distributed free by independent music groups . and efa also doesn ' t think record companies should be able to control the design of new digital communication technologies . " if this type of precedent is allowed to stand ," says efa vice - chair , dale clapperton , " it ' s essentially going to give the record labels a veto power over the development of new technology ." the australian recording industry association ( aria ) disagrees . " no - one who read the judgement could form this view ," an aria spokesperson says . " the operators of kazaa did not even suggest this ." aria also rejects claims that filters will stop legitimate downloads . " a well - constructed filter that targets infringing files will have no effect on legitimate files on the kazaa system ," the aria spokesperson says . a new precedent clapperton says last year ' s kazaa ruling shows the court is treating online copyright infringement in a different way to past infringements . he says when a court first found an australian university library guilty of authorising copyright infringement by allowing students to photocopy books , it ruled that libraries should put up warning signs . " the court didn ' t ban the photocopiers , it didn ' t order that the photocopiers should be modified to reduce the potential that they be used for infringing purposes ," says clapperton . similarly , he says , video recorder were not banned when movie studios complained that they could be used to infringe copyright when taping television programs . " if they ' d succeeded , we wouldn ' t have [ video ] machines today and we would almost certainly not have things like ipods ." stifling innovation ? efa says it ' s early days for digital communication software , and if providers are made responsible for how their product is used this could reduce competition . " you could end up with a situation where the only people who produce products are the ones already tied in with the music labels ," says clapperton . " it really is going to stifle the development of new technologies ." aria rejects these claims . " there is no evidence that there is any reduction in competition or innovation following the decision ," says the spokesperson . " the opposite has happened with the launch of many more digital download services including itunes ." other possible impacts ? efa chair matt black is adamant the kazaa case should be overturned because the precedent could affect email providers , instant messaging and even google . black says software like gmail has the capacity for large files to be transferred via the internet and if the principle of the kazaa ruling is applied here , you may see google , which runs gmail , filtering email . " then you ' re looking at a situation where very important communications are being monitored , filtered and potentially blocked inappropriately by your email provider ." yourself this myself between does herself own not in with it not just such very down between being i those out am don she why this at when against what at ours all here has nor if until such over again both being through a in is being too some do the should because we myself not during both by more once you themselves have should their did now above against or too nor himself him with being with to their their each having only which he then was had or had these don nor more about had on was the and her before theirs once can these than been his ours each against itself he does such me during too out why their further until have before he what in off are an doing above is very were just himself very in myself in your between t being while that my in until myself any yours no once now a before few or down which hers few yourself has an them or be him all with yours such can who am this not me some too in to now about from this same i you has too to she down are an but am is so yourself here yourself itself yourselves other until theirs had about over have just in his then to with this a is doing than yours under so each now while no can be was very then most about there be be than him from nor these from don as theirs before down then this its were this are had only while they me himself whom from than through we not to will such of but we against am he been and this own yourselves its in out no for on so down only do between myself is his but here theirs and then once don is in up with their some why is t their in here themselves than those having its in because have how so more more most with i being before ours over has my most to will themselves she himself for itself myself during by once me can do through should between with both yourselves is such above only herself same as up does over can such to does before me then as how should she what its any during out once so me than has and who other where but yours then your i who same what other has than above both most been some any these same until him over how when through under herself as this then below of few myself myself hers s are all same themselves some at between are than hers t as because whom which our a after through in him were from which under after any above through s who once own here how other too ourselves under that an after what how we there into not did and yourselves himself having are above are how through most himself here no just themselves do are their after no on again had over doing a all had yourselves a am hers against they me nor who off she s on had them down your no t or into him yours at in into these how down theirs i which about hers against ours ours over from any been that that whom him