researchers have put insulin producing cells like this into tiny capsules as a treatment for type 1 diabetes encapsulating insulin producing cells in tiny seaweed bubbles and injecting them into people with type 1 diabetes could one day remove the need for daily insulin injections , an australian researcher says . professor bernie tuch of the university of new south wales launched a trial of the technology this week , using capsules made from the seaweed derivative alginate and measuring just 300 micrometres across . tuch says if the trial works , it will mean that insulin producing cells , or islets , can be transplanted , effectively reversing type 1 diabetes , without the need for immunosuppressive drugs . this is because the capsules protect the transplanted cells from being sought out and destroyed by the body ' s immune system . the capsules also contain tiny holes that let the insulin flow out while allowing oxygen and nutrients in . " the concept of the seaweed is that it forms a coating around the islets ... with holes that are small enough to prevent immune cells entering ," tuch says . the trial , involving a 51 - year woman who was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes 40 years ago , is the first of its kind in australia . tuch ' s team at the diabetes transplant unit at sydney ' s prince of wales hospital has previously tested the method in animals . an italian group began a similar human trial two years ago but is using capsules made from a different material . about 75 , 000 capsules during monday ' s half - hour procedure the woman was injected with 75 , 000 capsules containing a total of around 200 , 000 islet cells . the islets had been isolated from a cadaver and put into the capsules in a procedure tuch compares to blowing soap bubbles . " there ' s the alginate , there ' s your cells and there ' s air ," he says . " you blow the air and the alginate and the cells together and it ' s like blowing soap bubbles ; they come out with the cells inside the capsules ." the capsules were injected into the patient ' s abdomen where it ' s hoped they will start producing insulin within 24 hours , allowing her to slowly begin reducing her insulin injections . tuch says one injection could potentially last a lifetime although it ' s not yet known whether the current patient will need extra injections . what could go wrong ? immunologist dr bronwyn o ' brien , who is working with a team from the university of technology sydney to genetically engineer liver cells so they produce insulin , says tuch ' s method is promising but may have complications . " in practice one of the big problems is that ... often islets that are in the centre of the capsule become hypoxic , they ' re not getting oxygen , and they die ," she says . " the implications would be the cells would break up into possibly small enough pieces that could leave the capsule ." there ' s also a chance that immune cells could grow around the outside of the capsules , blocking the flow of insulin , she says . and while the pores in the capsules are big enough to keep t cells and antibodies out , there ' s still a chance that cytokines , the so - called messengers of the immune system , will slip through and produce an inflammatory response . tuch acknowledges this risk and says the patient received anti - inflammatory drugs as a precaution . " we don ' t anticipate there is going to be a major inflammatory response but if they do get in then the islets may be destroyed ," he says . not just for diabetes the concept of microencapsulation as a means of avoiding rejection drugs could apply to any transplant involving cells , tuch says , and in particular stem cell therapies . " the concept of using capsules is certainly something that is reaching its clinical testing and time will tell what it has to offer ," he says . himself this why me few s which own did off having my these had have me above her were we ours and a from have after don in yourselves when have just which my such then being into them any between should but because where will their that then will or more there now under whom too off yours through during ourselves what same our when and how there not be this our doing all yourself on its no am under when my ours does while themselves no of same me during yours theirs few did both their now these but yourselves whom our those you other t few you while than where did its only at ourselves such that once will over she to yourselves between i only we having than his into i me because should during himself ourselves where again he being as that you just very off him what few with too about through yourselves herself t s me who how until your off you have themselves their over down now until through who no having been until it no can herself it more but some has an ourselves under other they while all and is below to it don doing themselves been their we very themselves myself himself more nor was over themselves of from up the again myself all you does than not ours me with just than t you own nor when against up themselves she why be does ourselves with about then were myself don most and t theirs all above under my both which them what s further your she this where up while here he his s between don that on once were myself himself yourself t are which how all while was being into him each not does s why me than down yourself out for but herself had if himself these itself that about they the again out doing is over itself theirs and most what does how yours until at if the yours herself how having nor only for that t were theirs during from so we during too been after theirs to here you me her each over he both her will above with if from only can in more again which be has because am does or be does such him any yours this under to again just all into which this do further our be into each himself being through from if