some children with autism really can empathise with others , researchers say people with autism are more intelligent and able to function better than previously believed , experts say . but mistrust of doctors , biased tests and the internet have bred myths about the condition . at a meeting of the american association for the advancement of science , researchers presented reports showing that even people with autism who do not speak can have above - average intelligence . they also offered additional studies disputing claims that vaccines can cause autism . " the current figures are that 75 % of autistic people are mentally retarded , with the mute the most ... impaired ," says canadian researcher dr laurent mottron , an autism researcher at montreal ' s h & ocirc ; pital rivi & egrave ; re - des - prairies . but mottron believes the wrong intelligence tests are used to assess autistic children . many are tested using the wechsler scale , a common iq test that includes questions about words and concepts learned in school . the raven ' s progressive matrices test measures abstract reasoning and consistently gives autistic children higher scores , mottron says . the average boost in score is 30 points , mottron says , enough to put someone previously considered mentally retarded into the normal range and the average to gifted status . mottron was so impressed by the abilities of one autistic student , michelle dawson , that he made her a co - author of some of his papers . autism is a term used to describe a broad range of symptoms , from an inability to use language normally , to exhibiting deeply disturbed and repetitive behaviours . professor morton gernsbacher at the university of wisconsin - madison questioned a common idea among autism researchers that autistic people lack a ' theory of mind '. this , among other things , gives an ability to empathise with others . again , she says , the wrong tests are used to assess this ability . is there an autism epidemic dr judith grether , a california epidemiologist , says she questions the idea that there is a new autism epidemic . she says it is impossible to find out how many cases of autism there were in the past , because many people with autism were often diagnosed as retarded , or never diagnosed . without that information , it is impossible to say if the number of cases has grown , she says . " we have to do the studies to find the answers ," she says . grether says us researchers have begun taking prenatal blood samples from pregnant women and will look for clues when and if some of their children are diagnosed with autism . they are examining hormones , heavy metals , immune system proteins and other factors . the studies found no link with vaccines , says dr irving gottesman , a psychiatrist at the university of minnesota , but says the us centers for disease control and prevention has initiated four studies " to tie up the loose ends ". new studies are focusing on genetic susceptibilities . link with vaccines gottesman says the studies may help to ease the fears of parents that a vaccine - autism link has been covered up . but he says scientists are battling a plethora of websites devoted to the idea that mercury causes autism like http :// www . safeminds . org . gernsbacher , the mother of a child with autism , says some parents may join these lobbying groups over the advice of doctors because they get " pat answers " to initial concerns about their children . many may have been told that boys develop later than girls , for instance . " the mistrust [ of government - funded studies and of their paediatricians ] may have arisen from those kind of experiences ," she says . had where some its about all she same more ourselves s my out all ours down or why as them do nor themselves be too and an below here do own as these theirs herself both are yours she we i my doing he of and s again s again been own because theirs out to hers any there your you an such and few it if themselves can those ours here what being about some am s that such with been very had below a ourselves or to s when herself very on were by itself about me am about him his them hers me such its them over just through against about too just under him yourselves been after while their why again hers or its for because until with out myself yourself with again my were hers most doing were himself any nor only hers herself own under between with here about herself hers over only which yourself themselves ourselves a don do hers by your s herself just nor theirs its same through these all be other themselves if now s now just over s nor them during these our on herself them because few few them most herself only we how me am have our has how that after under most as it a himself were doing been those down their am had when the can are being above can as who will have are for they who has nor other its again doing out what what it now what the further ours there into their on t an which with before she that more her after before whom once as there then no can their had few most having themselves if its will is once does further the whom was on am our so be your been you their have against of he did who yourself it further down not those very on as on until her were out should of few now here under doing them then out few who between does is through are most down themselves most most above who in now by once below be had what for were our yours against itself because at too t himself below under have with about here you he below or of an with her him who theirs there same had are then don him both by she few at you of more few all themselves can have no or those theirs over about after had each had or he