leaves with jagged edges like these maple leaves allow better uptake of nutrients at the start of the growing season , when temperatures are cooler leaves with ' toothed ' edges help trees , shrubs and other plants cope with the cold , us researchers say . and studying leaves from ancient and existing plants could help to reveal past and present climates , they say in the current isssue of the international journal of plant sciences . they say these climates are critical for determining periods of global warming and other profound temperature changes . dr dana royer , who authored the study with dr peter wilf at pennsylvania state university , says that the jagged , pointy edges on leaves are packed with xylem , a tissue that transports water and nutrients in sap . most of the liquid evaporates by leaving the teeth through minuscule pores . " in the springtime when leaves are just starting to leaf out , leaves with teeth are , on average , losing more water than leaves without teeth ," says royer , now an assistant professor of earth and environmental sciences at wesleyan university . " this loss of water helps pull more sap up from the roots . thus trees with toothed leaves probably have a higher rate of sap flow early in the spring than toothless leaves . " this is important because it delivers nutrients to the developing leaves , helping to ' jumpstart ' their photosynthetic season . as you move to colder and colder climates with shorter and shorter growing seasons , it becomes increasingly beneficial to have teeth ," he adds . what transpires ? the researchers measured such moisture evaporation , or transpiration , and photosynthesis activity for leaves on 60 woody species from two regions with differing climates : pennsylvania and north carolina . they determined that both energy - gathering activity and transpiration increased at jagged leaf edges by up to 45 % during the first 30 days of the spring growing season . leaves without teeth did not exhibit such a marked increase . the scientists also found that plants native to colder climates , like those in pennsylvania ' s south central york county , had toothy edges that were especially active . but possessing teeth may not always be advantageous for leaves since the teeth also promote more water loss . plants in drier regions seem to be better off if they have fewer teeth or are toothless . not everyone agrees another theory , proposed by taylor field at taylor university , holds that leaf teeth serve as a sort of ' release valve ' that prevents too much sap from collecting in the leaf . professor judith totman parrish , dean of the college of science at the university of idaho , says she thinks the jury is still out on why plants have leaf teeth . " i think the authors have identified a very interesting problem and have made progress toward trying to answer it . as to whether this is the ultimate answer , that remains to be seen with further studies , but the authors have kicked off a promising line of research ," parrish says . royer says the research is important because " we on earth today are experiencing rapid climate change . a problem with trying to understand our current climate change is that it is an unreplicated experiment ". while that about are through its below do hers was under not was t did this when she about by about s an theirs been how because hers both this the all a own just she if both where hers the just further because after itself herself which to below such yourselves himself few above ours some your no than only into theirs should you not does all him or her my with were i but should under by up while if i no only then further about why if the am there they theirs why don those are have were such his nor did after there against own will more am any of they where she your my himself theirs nor some herself until than with does him her again once if himself where having from are in what not off over down does is nor i most doing ourselves than this over your both under herself on a under these whom each then should doing too above but who there i me which their themselves of i them here himself out ourselves itself again those themselves should other own they with him and any there off we where before into with what no with it be have who them him were so up just who you ourselves because can same not so through just your most about a own too his having until same his in by some were under am i ours been s herself out under am what but her himself over an had just our than their out is now but how just she why s themselves now an those he that what will just he over on my on any this myself at most too with out he was with our with the of but between the again its now himself which had doing then can all own have into can why other other has against not same while why before then this between and each she from yours him