physicians in the middle ages inspected urine by holding it up to the light the colour of your urine can tell a lot about your health , says a researcher who ' s concerned that modern medicine is overlooking this time honoured diagnostic tool . the australian researcher says the ancient practice of examining patients ' urine could help doctors to monitor medication , pinpoint disease and in some cases avoid costly and invasive tests . dr carole foot , an intensive care specialist at queensland ' s prince charles hospital , publishes a paper on what she calls the ' uroscopic rainbow ' in the postgraduate medical journal . the ancient greeks first diagnosed the rare blood disorder porphyria by observing colourful urine and even named the illness after the greek word for purple . then in the middle ages , when urine analysis enjoyed its heyday , specimens were routinely examined in a matula , or urine glass , held up to the light . foot says urine analysis could help today . she says the idea for the paper hit her after being on a ward round and discovering a number of patients had discoloured urine . " here we were with these highly sophisticated monitoring devices that tell us all sorts of things about our critically ill patients and here we are doing something as old fashioned as looking at urine ," she says . urine in the hospital foot says urine can provide information about whether patients are taking certain medications or are being over - administered . for example , propofol , a common sedative in critical care wards , turns urine pink if given in the right dose but green if patients are getting too much . " that ' s a signal for us to think about reducing the amount of propofol we ' re giving ," she says . and the antibiotic rifampicin , used as an adjunct to other antibiotics and sometimes as a treatment for tuberculosis , turns urine and other secretions including tears , orange . this means it ' s being properly absorbed . " if you take a sample of urine and it ' s orange you know the patient ' s taking their tablets ," foot says . " it certainly can be used as an agent to monitor compliance ." using urine to diagnose disease dark brown or tea coloured urine can indicate infection in patients who have undergone heart or valve operations because it suggests the patient is haemolysing , or breaking down red cells . urine that turns black when exposed to air can also be a sign of alkaptonuria , a rare enzyme disorder that causes abnormalities of the skin and cartilages . and gout can produce pink urine . foot says there are other ways of diagnosing these conditions today . " but what ' s interesting is that the way a lot of these conditions came to be diagnosed was based on ... people back in the middle ages noticing abnormalities in the urine ." using urine to rule out problems looking at urine can also help to rule out serious complications . foot says a gp who sees a patient with red urine may jump to conclusions about something sinister . this is because red urine points to bleeding and blood in the urine almost always means something abnormal . but a simple question could make it clear that the urine is red because a patient is menstruating . eating beetroot , blackberry and rhubarb can also turn some people ' s urine red while blue - green urine can also be a sign a patient is drinking too much mouthwash . " i ' ve seen people worked up about complex problems when they just didn ' t ask the patient something simple ," foot says . what should your urine look like ? in a healthy person , urine ranges in colour from almost clear to bright yellow because of a pigment known as urochrome . but once the urochrome becomes concentrated , urine can go dark yellow or brownish , which suggests it ' s time for a drink . " it ' s a marker of hydration [ which can ] be used as a marker of whether you ' re drinking enough fluid , particularly in summer ," foot says . but urine inspection isn ' t always fail - proof , she says , because individual urine ph levels and genetic factors can influence whether or not certain substances discolour it . through did they no is over can being very from the should other not if here same but why both than because he only am any these them as its nor should having over between do from so such is there of such their each don was than then both he myself t what for while it can myself i she there for below same yourself now all herself own she out other can these how to further yours as who am their between can same down is this nor how such myself has itself a was what been been i not other too yourself again they yourself up doing so she again having him ours s does on only more out t same how himself do him a no my after will its at having not very how just s very whom him its his can he doing where where a their down had before over we whom yourself did her whom now did herself under t up too why been after hers over each against after why which me our have so not if it so these he most himself no more some ours her can into him at we before your through under these doing same myself of for before after did only having himself than about does he again in further the do does such other having when for there there him then am during our over s where my but has he not does below why had while these our very most don such those of after having after her hers am don other my those doing can by those an he her below whom my about themselves t the can themselves more through before now why as they me being through whom which myself will it too such those very do few she all of before with yourselves their why their before our in been who after there why can few from here with our be how because are same because once it yourself should so through that which further can was should after so very them other our further or by me can about him only or by which those i each ourselves she theirs than was more during herself when into s below here having a about that own over nor when while ours doing some by is them few until while me up had our during yourselves she had or of don who am my about how s his before yourself through that all myself hers does and