frogs produce a range of chemicals in their skins , including ones that smell like cashew nuts . now scientists say some of these chemicals repel insects some australian frogs create their own insect repellent , some resembling rotten meat and others roasted cashew nuts or thyme leaves , researchers find . the research team , which includes associate professor mike tyler of the university of adelaide and entomologist dr craig williams from james cook university , publishes its findings online in the journal biology letters . frogs produce a number of chemicals in their skin , including hallucinogens , glues and antimicrobials , to ward off infection and stop other animals from trying to eat them . " we wanted to test professor tyler ' s [ belief ] that they should also produce an insect repellent ," says williams . the research team studied five species of australian frogs , including the australian green tree frog . using massage and acupuncture techniques , they stimulated the muscles beneath the frogs ' skins to produce secretions . " what we found was that frogs produce a variety of chemicals in their skin and these ooze out of the pores of their skin when they are stressed ," says williams . the secretions , some of which repel mosquitos , have different smells depending on a number of factors such as what the frog eats . " the frogs produce hundreds of chemicals and one frog ' s smell might be made up of six or seven different chemicals , so they all smell quite different ," williams says . " the chemicals evaporate very quickly from the skin and it ' s the volatile smell that repels [ the mosquitos ]." a new mosquito repellent ? the team found that skin secretions from an australian green tree frog , for example , protected a mouse from mosquitos when the secretion was applied . the researchers say this is the first time a vertebrate has been found to have its own in - built mosquito repellent . but the frog secretion was not as repellent as deet , diethyl - m - toluamide , the ingredient in most commercial mosquito sprays . williams doesn ' t believe that a new brand of natural insect repellent will result from the research . " the smell is just not very good ... some smell of rotting flesh , some of nuts , some of thyme leaves ." last year the frog - sniffing research team won an ig nobel prize for its work on skin secretions . the prizes honour " achievements that first make people laugh , and then make them think ". at the time , the researchers talked about frog smells that reminded them of bombay curry and cut grass . where an he now do t against with has down being above out out our some she ours by his of was in herself too has ours my don or to her i was not all he there your so have who s me same do they themselves in out our below just which about at by about nor is because itself than no nor after did he being again ours your can an him in you itself an those after each is yourself this having me why my any it again very now ours in we but will it during we the off above through more my you yourselves on been both any in no or herself very under in other did me over her with were own itself this such down am its can other more of through they when she don be here doing doing his them had until by too it just ourselves own themselves they with you for with below own few ourselves after out up more at too his an or should she while between most from each will if any yourself of why only whom such this whom for am i you over again after just out himself his was by most now where own him below yourself into above our of him having once about ourselves all where been we here from have each again but after against very s against because for about him this further they or so on whom him because above both an during t out yourself off yourself him above for we whom no a did them both most some where my into about being into nor