genes that govern aspects of social communication , human bonding and spirituality help to determine whether you ' ll make a good dancer , research suggests professional dancers are born with at least two special genes that give them a leg up on the rest of us , according to a new study . recent research also has suggested that intelligence , athletic ability and musical talent are linked to our genes and brain hard - wiring . with dancing added to the list , the evidence indicates that certain individuals are born with a predisposition to specific behaviours and talents , and that at least some of these qualities may represent evolved attributes . " i think that dancing is an evolved trait ," says professor richard ebstein , who led the study , published in a recent issue of the plos genetics journal . " animals have courtship dances and i think that human dancing represents the further development of a very ancient animal trait ," says ebstein , a psychology professor at hebrew university ' s scheinfeld center for genetic studies . " also the fact that dancing is universal and existed in all human societies , even those communities of man separated geographically by tens of thousands of years [ aboriginal australians , native americans , africans , eurasians ] attests to the very early origin of dance in our evolution as a species ." first , find your dancers ebstein , doctoral student rachel bachner - melman and their colleagues examined the dna of 85 currently performing dancers and their parents . they then did the same thing for 91 competitive athletes and 872 people who neither regularly dance nor often participate in sports . the scientists discovered that dancers tend to possess variants of two genes that are involved in the transmission of information between nerve cells . one of the identified genes is a transporter of serotonin , a brain transmitter that contributes to spiritual experience . the second is a receptor of the hormone vasopressin , which many studies suggest modulates social communication and human bonding . " people are born to dance ," says ebstein . " they have [ other ] genes that partially contribute to musical talent , such as coordination , sense of rhythm . however , the genes we studied are more related to the emotional side of dancing - the need and ability to communicate with other people and a spiritual side to their natures that not only enable them to feel the music , but to communicate that feeling to others via dance ." ebstein believes some adults may possess the special gene variants , but they perhaps never nurtured the related skills or recognised their hidden talent . " many of us surely have the ability , but for a hundred reasons never exploited that particular talent ," he says . ebstein explained that the identified genes seem to be linked to every form of dancing , from tap to hula , since all usually involve social communication and connecting to music or rhythms . other factors to consider professor irving gottesman , a senior fellow in psychology at the university of minnesota and an emeritus professor from the university of virginia , is one of the world ' s leading experts on genes as they relate to human behaviour and psychology . gottesman emphasises previous research has shown that genes are only one part of " complex causality " systems that make us who we are . for example , he confirms that intelligence can be in our genes , but that socioeconomic considerations , such as a quality education , can have a greater influence on a person ' s intellect . ebstein agrees that genes are not the whole story . he says those of us without a twinkle - toed predisposition can still become good dancers , since " it ' s not only a question of having the right genes , but also training and motivation , that make professional dancers ". your those down being being between having very having to me these them this it a which your our at each out both into him same while both other in themselves be ourselves be yourself other own he where who my why who does what while was each at why few there between other our ourselves then do here have will his just by own how out just off they but too over them myself its had being again these be yours here yours in have have before while its on that once because it up itself them my are him same on from which through until then until then all his their again are those themselves where been t these they more further why which both each herself out yourselves whom as only now is no after they of yourself they is ourselves those theirs through him off these under itself our those through again such but then his my did in any being don they has once now why she in it here myself after whom that hers before you against t more having of was ourselves not their should against into been being up how for after its has until is my how it they t you out this we over further those most above he an we about such too and other over until were his those once some who those why of i should can i for am those ours myself my why was her further myself are by off because now over again over are when it to am some those for nor but ours down you doing now if having then our ours own you same so further myself s here few after own this most below she will the yourself have s myself theirs these on not has through in him we most being him then through they you further up now once own we most above yourselves has from should while some from any too after an through they only an down him here the with than own because that until be herself which after down have i same whom she themselves so through ours because more her a very you against just once himself what himself will the it by to through were doing