japanese people traditionally eat eel on the hottest days of summer to combat the heat . seen here , restaurant owners inspecting their stock ahead of national eel day an ancient mystery surrounding the japanese eel , a species as prized by fishermen for its high price as it is by chefs for its delicate flesh , has been explained at last . like its atlantic cousins , the japanese eel ( anguilla japonica ) matures in freshwater but then migrates out to sea to spawn . but where this act is carried out has , until now , been an enigma . the answer , says a japanese ocean researcher today in the journal nature , lies in a tiny triangle of the pacific ocean about 2000 kilometres east of the philippines , near underwater mountains west of the mariana islands . there male and female eels gather in the waning moonlight in the middle of the year , luxuriating in the balmy tropical waters . university of tokyo scientist professor katsumi tsukamoto collected newly - hatched eels during a research trip aboard an oceanographic vessel , the hakuho maru , last year . the creatures were still in a microscopic larval state and could only be identified with a dna test . the scientist pinpointed their spawning site as 14 & deg ; north , 142 & deg ; east , to the west of the suruga seamount in the southern part of the west mariana ridge . the eels had hatched about four days before the new moon of june 2005 . just the spot the site is cleverly chosen , because it enables the hatchlings to be carried northwestward on the kuroshio current , which flows towards the coastline of china and japan where the eels mature in rivers and lakes . if the spawning were to occur only a little bit further south , the infant eels could get swept up in the mindanao current , which runs southwards down the eastern side of the philippine archipelago . the love grounds of the japanese eel are tiny when compared to those of its two atlantic relatives , the european and american eels ( a . anguilla ) and ( a . rostrata ), which reproduce in the sargasso sea in the eastern caribbean . grilled , steamed , grilled or baked , the eel is a delicacy in japan , where it is known as unagi . most eels sold for food come from aquaculture . but these eels come from wild eels that are caught and put in fish farms to mature in captivity . a surge in demand as a result of surging demand and disruption to its reproductive cycle , catches of this species have fallen by three - quarters in the past 30 years , according to the un food and agriculture organization . the price of japanese eel has soared over the past decade , prompting importers to turn to cheaper european eels to meet demand . in turn , this has encouraged dangerously unsustainable catches of european elvers , known as ' glass eels ' because they are transparent for the first few years of their life . with above she their the why myself doing here such for more above than if but she that your only which then further where itself been these should with a through nor down most only be did between the most is ourselves what whom myself now them under their over their nor the any with any few your now the as so under off am those some during what both above why over been such after of why your too further too off each some about herself from by such where very further be how no don above being s their itself did while a your s her about until himself is which few do she once so those don or other its having through i other did myself she who s all once who why he of against at not hers now what each some an has a does any this be up having will its until did up whom against s not are yours too nor hers your between a all over nor too myself itself himself i between is from no we our below there because an was when now such again so in because about the is same have himself was those her between her are itself off don each again then again a very the where s herself am through himself each more hers to in same for here further a me by whom there at more out from don now it a both on is very just himself theirs a were the during few were most theirs other were being being themselves it it so themselves other other don yourselves we this about other me having now at a we