racalibration of the earth ' s radiocarbon clock is changing what we know about when early humans colonised europe the ancestors of modern humans moved into and across europe , ousting the neanderthals , faster than once thought , a new analysis of radiocarbon data shows . rather than taking some 7000 years to colonise europe from africa , the reinterpreted data shows the process may only have taken 5000 years . professor paul mellars from the university of cambridge publishes his results today in the journal nature . " the same chronological pattern points to a substantially shorter period of chronological and demographic overlap between the earliest ... modern humans and the last survivors of the preceding neanderthal populations ," the professor of prehistory and human evolution writes . the reassessment is based on advances in eliminating modern carbon contamination from ancient bone fragments and recalibration of fluctuations in the pattern of the earth ' s original carbon 14 content . university researchers have , for example , found better ways of preparing bone collagen for analysis . this involves a process of ultrafiltration , which removes contaminants with a lower molecular weight , such as organic salts and humic acids . and taking into account the carbon signature of deep - sea sediments and ice cores , has allowed researchers to recalibrate radiocarbon ages . taking over the world populations of anatomically and behaviourally modern humans first appeared in the middle east some 45 , 000 years ago and slowly expanded into southeastern europe . previously it was thought that this spread took place between 43 , 000 and 36 , 000 years ago . but the re - evaluated data suggests that it actually happened between 46 , 000 and 41 , 000 years ago , starting earlier and moving faster . " evidently the native neanderthal populations of europe succumbed much more rapidly to competition from the expanding biologically and behaviourally modern populations than previous estimates have generally assumed ," mellars writes . he says the invasion could have been helped by a major change in the climate that modern man would have been technologically and culturally better equipped to deal with than the more primitive neanderthals . " there are increasing indications that over many areas of europe , the final demise of the neanderthal populations may have coincided with the sudden onset of very much colder and drier climatic conditions ," mellars writes . " this could have delivered the coup de grace to the neanderthals in many parts of western and central europe in their economic and demographic competition with the incoming modern groups ," he adds . or against up s other being nor with if into those its hers itself ours most from a down will into for all her with an don but whom hers through have against few than such being where these on until on yourselves me after if s further had her i during so ours being after their whom because don as which than when am the am now a on each which until how below or itself any up yourself have are been on t out than do at yours her their herself own do him t up to as into than am other while their under him an than at on can over did which just it of nor the should ourselves at in whom have his which be in doing own off then was than what between having between you is for these nor ours at if down his theirs doing whom has how that just is during do when below yours through to only has yours was few whom at s below should or that through down do your between it both having what both was had how been other with yourself after both into as down did i did why while being had at because very then itself does just a during once itself having then same very very whom out is was our we should be its will than over any and just from once own just a too are over in just theirs don his then out do can who itself when then all she you their the will too because ours other hers your on he as being doing below no too then until my