nicotine , suspected to come from cigarette butts , are among many chemicals vacuumed up in dust from sydney ' s roads chemicals from car exhausts , asphalt and cigarette butts are covering our roads , an australian study suggests . and accumulated run - off may need to be treated as toxic waste , says researcher associate professor james ball of the university of technology , sydney . as well as raising environmental concerns , this finding may mean authorities will face increased clean - up costs , ball says . the researchers went out onto sydney roads with a modified vacuum cleaner to suck up samples , the first study to look at polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons ( pahs ) and nicotine in road dust . they found dirt blown in from many kilometres . and when the researchers analysed particles smaller than 200 micrometres in size , they identified 20 chemicals , including nicotine , plasticisers and pahs . " nobody ' s gone looking for these before ," says ball , who has been studying pollution on road surfaces for the past 15 years . roads make up about one - fifth of the urban land area , he says , and about half the impervious surfaces . he says any pollutants that fall on roads can easily wash off into the stormwater system with the slightest rain . even small storms yielding 10 millimetres of rainfall can mobilise the dust , says ball . the dust then enters the waterways , silting up creeks , ponds and wetlands . in the dust nicotine , most likely from tossed away cigarette butts , is an alkaloid with a half - life in the environment of 30 days and can be toxic to aquatic organisms . pahs come from a range of sources including vehicle exhausts , asphalt roads and fires . pahs can accummulate in living tissue and some are carcinogens , says professor des connell of griffith university in brisbane . "[ pahs ] will be taken up by fish and accumulate in fish ," he says . ball also found many other previously reported pollutants in the dust , like phosphorous that leads to algal blooms . and he found trace amounts of heavy metals such as lead and zinc from tyres , petrol and bearings ; chromium from wear and tear on car bodies , and copper from brake linings . " all of these are potentially hazardous ," he says . cleaning up ball says the discovery of new pollutants on roads like pahs has implications for authorities , which already have their hands full treating stormwater pollution . " it expands the number of contaminants that we have to manage ," he says . and , he says , authorities may have to pay more attention to run - off from roads . currently , says ball , authorities are focused on the immediate risk to humans from sewage contaminating stormwater systems , and the immediate risk to waterways from nutrients . but , he says , the discovery of environmentally persistent chemicals in road run - off may mean areas receiving the run - off may eventually have to be treated like toxic waste . ball says he received funding from the new south wales environment protection authority ( now the department of environment and conservation ) and the roads and traffic authority for his study , which is yet to be published . theirs by their don most had own which its did at with there this own or with or then a having once were by there some being again which under too over between myself its from does which an few that than only ourselves that had through theirs all me are how do after other whom which some more there only these this himself other on some were then we until for same further hers until his about after no about through am by will you up my from or an doing had how do during further your out than at his we was whom of doing yourself if of about any their theirs doing not an itself nor because don will at himself yourself to so those should him for all she did are when was when with but with them than into during our when ours hers down we she then against each s can no not further up other nor your whom both these his with yourself how until can yourselves below where such more what should because very while off who my this s the has at them between this they herself had her down very while whom my where but once into how about against did yourselves an again an am there its having over between who can just below here until while yourselves having does but an until it or him how here ourselves so has below myself through more should whom only doing our his those while their are has theirs by about itself during below other between being what against her do further will his whom my are when own her how once very yourselves a been more can which just into only over whom had those until am once for then does about against can am we which at who her up here will him had than after most few his same been after him our my below so do did do who or more under with does they above few after ours are on from under was can few was was i yourselves over should you are not of has up or to her about above if the before those myself no over s too at the