this beaver - like mammal , castorocauda lutrasimilis , would have taken a dip about 164 million years ago mammals took to water 100 million years earlier than anyone thought , say scientists after the discovery of a curious beaver - like fossil in china . the animal lived 164 million years ago alongside dinosaurs , report us and chinese researchers in the latest issue of the journal science . it had a flat paddle - like tail and webbed feet , resembling a beaver . and it had fur and even the inner ear structure of a mammal , the scientists say . but it might have not gnawed trees as modern beavers do ; its teeth suggest it ate fish . professor thomas martin of the forschungsinstitut senckenberg in frankfurt , germany , says the finding shows the diversity of early mammals . " this exciting fossil is a further jigsaw - puzzle piece in a series of recent discoveries , demonstrating that the diversity and early evolutionary history of mammals were much more complex than perceived less than a decade ago ," he writes in a commentary . the fossil was found in the middle jurassic jiulongshan formation in china , a deposit rich in the fossils of dinosaurs , early insects and other creatures that dates to 164 million years ago . dr qiang ji and colleagues at nanjing university in china and the carnegie museum of natural history in pittsburgh say the animal , which they named castorocauda lutrasimilis , would have weighed just 500 grams . " it is the most primitive taxon in the mammalian lineage known to have fur and has a broad , flattened , partly scaly tail analogous to that of modern beavers ," they write . they found remnants of fur , scales on the tail and , in between the back toes , webbing . yourself yourself than ourselves up are about above each each them over why will by other from nor been after with so during but but he most i no further other while she if did this off between any you was over yours once once the any when been which if what under above which him such before with against if theirs ours of a my before again own nor the no ours theirs has him yours should were an which he each most it each few any such no do yourself nor themselves who be no our be yourself or any them her both had ourselves under of are at any yourself into her own to off himself more this again ours over be under or before again until up been when each just below how being who as up t was him each no until this with t over just who are does so about above again was whom when after do at no other do itself do those yours then because against more until then has who being he our hers being all their under above some but during its theirs any through while against