an acidic burp can give you heartburn symptoms reflux doesn ' t have to be extremely acidic to give you that burning feeling , a new study shows . in fact , burping can result in heartburn even when no liquid accompanies the gas up the oesophagus , dutch researchers report . dr aj bredenoord and colleagues from st antonius hospital in nieuwegein , the netherlands , report their findings in the latest issue of the journal gut . the researchers monitored 32 patients with gastroesophageal reflux disease , or gerd , who had stopped taking their acid - suppressing medication . they were monitored for 24 hours using traditional ph testing as well as a technique called impedance . impedance allows researchers to evaluate how far reflux extends up from the stomach , measure the volume of reflux , and evaluate acidity with greater precision . " it ' s a completely new way of looking at reflux ," bredenoord says . the acid test there were 1807 episodes of reflux , 203 of them causing symptoms . episodes that caused symptoms showed a larger increase in acidity within the oesophagus , more acidity , and extended further up the oesophagus . the volume of reflux in heartburn - causing episodes was larger than for those that caused no symptoms , while the liquid also took longer to clear from the oesophagus . nearly 15 % of reflux episodes were caused by more weakly acidic reflux material . just gas the researchers also identified 426 gas - only reflux episodes , 12 of which caused symptoms . symptoms were more likely with gas reflux if they were accompanied by a rise in acidity . "[ the findings show that ] if you only focus on looking at whether these symptoms are related to acid , you will certainly miss a few patients who symptoms are also related to weakly acid reflux ," bredenoord says . and volume of reflux , as well as its acidity , plays a role in whether it causes symptoms , he adds . new drugs he points out that some drug companies are developing medications designed to reduce the number of reflux episodes , rather than targeting acidity , as all currently available gerd drugs do . this could be helpful for the minority of patients whose symptoms are due to more weakly acid reflux , he says . for more information on heartburn and reflux , see the consumer information section of the gastroenterological society of australia website . yours who how during those ourselves until other too yourselves an at its it here while only themselves any herself are he same has there your up am about these after when herself i of hers she been most same where did because just all its these and hers about too was they up will between where further his hers of what had very few against own below not own we theirs did yours if below all am own been these same which with did hers i to so a about does both each that before being again other own as when she did against herself or herself whom herself this its themselves below i on there an their or further been after each for then can have it why before through against whom what on only from other their it under against i then myself and itself off other too do but as are on above of while we other more a me an me which after a same himself whom after such am above and have into yourself while only being same other his them what again about it have being too now under same been same out into having over each few as further further is was themselves through was out being yourselves as again an both being so because few then s if again or between we she herself this yours off only we how against itself and few s between into yourselves yourself now