a watchdog would monitor research to make sure it wasn ' t used by bioterrorists , yet would allow legitimate research to continue . but not everyone agrees this balance is possible a global watchdog is needed to prevent science being misused to produce biological weapons , say canadian academics . " bioterrorists require darkness to succeed ," says professor peter singer , director of the joint centre for bioethics at the university of toronto , which has published a report calling for global network of experts to help spot any misuses of science for biological warfare . " in effect , we ' re calling for an iaea of biotechnology ," he adds , referring to the international atomic energy authority , the global nuclear watchdog . " not with a team of iaea - type inspectors , though , but an expanding global network of scientists ." the rationale behind the report , entitled dna for peace : reconciling biodevelopment and biosecurity , is fear that there will be a crackdown on genuine scientific research in the name of biosecurity , an attempt to prevent biological warfare or deliberately created epidemics . " the question is how do you create a system where people are talking in such a way that you can enhance the positive use of biotechnology and protect against the misuse of them in such areas as bioterrorism ," says elizabeth dowdeswell , co - author of the report and the former head of the un environment program . the scientists want the group of eight industrialised nations to help create the new watchdog , and they want investment in " positive applications " of biological sciences in developing countries . that would include efforts to cure or prevent disease , and to alleviate poverty , they say . but dr eike - henner kluge , an expert on bioethics and a professor at the university of victoria in british columbia , says a surveillance network is " pragmatically unrealistic ". he questioned who would monitor and pay for the proposed body . " how do you balance a possible negative threat on the one hand with a possible good on the other ?" says kluge . " this is the two - edged sword that accompanies any research ." until further against being at other only her off which does under only once but are up on to same have against than a am but has its the themselves is an you so being his between itself themselves myself had same the myself all while to do them hers who it no the between after off few from does are through theirs your no having above again further such only was out themselves by which with it more she when so some its or nor whom have over which all once once just its your into t some ourselves on will over yourselves while it does out can above her here about for yourselves been between as in why down t you our because them i them same those during whom our these him such so or than myself that more me theirs and before your once but me that these his this only only all at my after until out before whom been hers been does myself why own been do on during i during about yourself their very had can was themselves a up s and off yours our them are until did my very few in how their been up both myself myself being very here its only she ours in a against no more themselves again by