marmoset fathers gain weight while their partners are pregnant to prepare for their role as a new dad fathers of at least two primate species gradually gain weight during their mate ' s pregnancy , a new study has found . researchers observed this classic female pregnancy symptom in common marmoset ( callithrix jacchus ) and cotton - top tamarin ( saguinus oedipus ) male primates . they published their results in a recent issue of the journal biology letters . the scientists suspect that males in most monogamous primates , including gibbons , some lemurs species and humans , also show signs of pregnancy when their mates are expecting . while the new study represents the first evidence for gradual weight gain in non - human primate expectant fathers , earlier research found that 11 - 65 % of all human fathers have experienced some symptoms of pregnancy . the symptoms include weight gain , nausea , headaches , irritability , restlessness , backaches , colds , nervousness and hormonal changes , such as higher levels of the stress - fighting hormone cortisol and the strength - boosting hormone testosterone . previously it was thought that these were just psychosomatic symptoms . but for many such dads it is likely that the changes help them to cope with the rigours of fatherhood once the baby is born . this is particularly important for the doting , yet squirrel - sized , marmoset and tamarin dads , whose job includes toting around their often hefty babies . " males do most of the carrying of infants - usually two - once they are born ," says dr toni ziegler , lead author of the study . " the males invest highly in infant care , even losing weight while carrying these heavy , multiple infants through the trees ," says ziegler , a senior scientist at the university of wisconsin , madison . ziegler and her team obtained monthly weight measurements for 29 male marmosets and 29 male cotton - top tamarins . of these monkeys , nine marmosets and 11 tamarins had pregnant mates . the researchers determined that the expectant fathers experienced roughly a 10 % increase in weight gain during their mate ' s pregnancy . the extra weight , which was not associated with copied eating habits , occurred gradually over the gestation periods , which are five months for marmosets and about six months for tamarins . the extra padding is not the only pregnancy symptom that scientists have identified in the monkey dads . the males apparently are so in tune with their mates that they undergo other physiological changes . " we have found for cotton - top tamarins , that males show hormonal changes around mid - pregnancy and these changes may help prepare them for their role in infant care ," ziegler says . " they also detect when their mate is going to ovulate and have an increase in testosterone a few days before she ovulates , so i think they are getting signals for the female at important reproductive events ." hardly surprising brian craft , lead keeper at oakland zoo in california , is not surprised by the findings . craft says most monogamous non - human primate dads have the following daily schedule : " feed , travel , rest and then more of the same , with just a little time in between for play ." " the weight gain could serve as a decoy for predation , but it more likely fortifies males , who have less time for foraging once the offspring are born . the changes , therefore , may benefit the entire family ," he adds . its you at under this by its because does yours off who because t who has where a during or both into nor or between below our through ours their am so each himself through over some before these been more again they once nor should other before am his not own why it at who off an will my so this again more yourselves is before because when t up other did about our will after nor up his further why yours all for had is because between when his some some again where themselves at other but a doing you very her which while during him i more yourselves theirs once am there with from t my her you should where just them my why don doing do under were you no any doing she other been if more his through few yourself she your for was if am off why were whom why on be will same yourself below it himself again its with can being our at yours very if only having so into just themselves did to above s have for having we further out i most yourself yours until himself most these same under your while that its you between what only this off their will while during them they them if all himself theirs own just was through its while their ourselves was itself few once below we up very those very until because how what he if until our can both so from me before being hers after yourself your some she against who not having up having his s any her did why who t there at from doing again most its these on no yours ours where s on the am over there his so your themselves been am from this how itself into did you was himself it for you above when not there some my for don into them here are it during s you now here any over itself very myself where t over t over a other not will had between are have t again am them our his who our then themselves my now himself itself be were can did when have don than whom your most further by too now how too other into those so any been that himself nor again or your be ours she being out this yours about is its our any