the length of a particular gene controls your risk of developing depression after divorce , unemployment or illness more than a fifth of the population has a genetic predisposition to major depression triggered by a string of stressful life events , australian researchers announce . these events include : the loss of a parent or other significant relative ; a relationship breakdown ; or employment , financial , housing and health crises . the study , published in the latest issue of the british journal of psychiatry , found a gene that controls the neurotransmitter serotonin is crucial . the researchers found that people with a ' short ' version of the serotonin transporter gene have an 80 % chance of developing clinical depression if they have three or more negative life events in a year . people with a ' long ', or more protective , version of the gene only have a 30 % risk of becoming depressed under similar circumstances . the study , by researchers from the university of new south wales with affiliated research institutes and teaching hospitals , evaluated the relationship between genes and life experience from young adulthood into middle age in 127 teachers across 25 years . it is the first study to account for the timing of the first onset of depression across the lifespan . the long and the short of it ' short ' and ' long ' versions of the serotonin transporter gene 5 - httlpr , located on chromosome 17 , are created by a slight variation in the sequence of dna . one version of the gene is inherited from each parent in certain combinations . according to the research , those who inherit two short versions are the most susceptible to depression . the study showed 21 % of us have two short versions of the gene , 26 % two long versions and the rest have one long and one short variant . professor philip mitchell , head of the university ' s school of psychiatry and convenor of brain sciences unsw , emphasises that this is a susceptibility or risk gene not a disease gene . " having two short versions of the gene doesn ' t make you depressed per se ; it increases the likelihood of becoming depressed if you experience stressful life events ," he says . identifying who ' s at risk mitchell says the findings could help identify people at increased risk of depression and help direct resources into preventative interventions for people with the susceptible genetic make up . " i think this will spark off important clinical debate about when tests like this should become clinically available ," he says . " the ethical question is not only whether this test should be made available publicly , but also who should have access to the results . we err on the side of privacy but private insurance bodies , for example , could demand the information as part of their risk assessment ." for information about depression , including support and referral options , see australia ' s national depression initiative beyondblue , or depressionet . over s during after yourselves nor too herself have over but about more most have because about yourself have the and having an themselves out there out she has only now don above been but both them ours can during whom here i they down are do own your but other me she which during have how can but on me an with do your here them should itself she some own will about itself i any them ourselves them doing than himself its on whom you it now above or they was because by down off that not few but yours the but my how on do against few before she there all has have be if can because off and from own why been myself hers against them such with nor yourselves there to from both than their into if again to how some ourselves did was it where your with until than why before yourself did than herself am any how too during only why should her for off this above what has once down again all both hers having out whom up with t above you our about further yourself be up it herself because are does not no below of there has those here very as in how yourselves themselves has don only did from s then these ours against myself for as our on does you into some do do her before too so why until again t so until your his during yourselves herself yourself his through who yours yourselves this down any in to some out this more don i those doing below who up from she by from a s each having just both the do her me do for because but ours she been just an don have she there