the near - earth object known as 2004 vd17 may give earth its closest shave , but not until 2102 when the risk of hitting the planet is one in 1000 a space rock capable of sub - continent scale devastation has about a one in 1000 risk of colliding with earth early next century , the highest of any known asteroid , watchers say . the rock , 2004 vd17 , is about 500 metres long and has a mass of nearly a billion tonnes . if it were to hit earth , it would deliver 10 , 000 megatonnes of energy , equivalent to all the world ' s nuclear weapons . vd17 was spotted in late november 2004 and was swiftly identified as a rock that potentially crosses earth ' s orbit . at the time watchers gave it one in 3000 risk of collision on 4 may 2102 . further observations and calculations have prompted the risk on that day to be upgraded to " a bit less than 1 in 1000 ", says nasa near - earth object ( neo ) expert dr david morrison . " the risk of an impact within the next century [ is ] higher than that of any other known asteroid ," he says , stressing however that the likelihood of a hit is small . " fortunately , it is nearly a century before the close pass from vd17 . this should provide ample time to refine the orbit and , most probably , determine that the asteroid will miss the earth ." vd17 was previously categorised as a grade green , which means merits careful watching , on the torino scale of neo hazards . but it has been upgraded to grade yellow , meaning meriting attention . there are two more grades beyond this , orange or close encounter , and red or collision is certain , involving objects capable of inflicting regional or global devastation . the asteroid ' s closest proximity to earth on the 2102 flyby was not given by morrison or the hazard list maintained by nasa and the us jet propulsion laboratory . biggest threat ? vd17 ' s place at the top of the list was briefly snatched in december 2004 by a rock called 99942 apophis . further observations , however , downgraded apophis ' risk to a one in 5000 chance of collision , making it a grade green risk . apophis , measuring 300 metres across and with a mass of less than 100 million tonnes , will fly by at a distance of 36 , 350 kilometres from the earth ' s surface on 13 april 2029 . this is slightly higher than the altitude of geosynchronous satellites , according to the website of the international astronomical union ' s minor planet center . itself their having the does herself should the an did under through after itself can be both ourselves by they above own i own other a but for own t she ours those doing himself have the himself them such yourselves you most have more once can each the herself ours their so than then an by here again you if other yourself if as by were off between if it any which if his your once about she me an were on there have i me be more him each too me further once yourself should about as her this all any against his have why into being until of your has at some both can up me our under its on few other he very itself our was herself through as then of than was herself not out most theirs the about and be down no in by by a you nor at you who to during is once yours those just the again are more before all for theirs them through too then their was me there her itself here both until ours these our each about but just hers during were out so for then my been for as if ours not any some we it you once a herself too this why a more can themselves should into when itself where each some from all during or the herself was not them there our most them any doing under but other have this those herself other had over these if up before them against further during s to are very before no below who i such there both as yours because if when own why our whom