up to 25 % of a car ' s fuel goes on running the air - conditioning the average family car may one day have fans built into the seats to cool you down as you drive , suggests us government research . the cooled seats could also cut your fuel bill by more than 7 %, say the researchers , fuel that would otherwise be used to run the car ' s air - conditioning . " ventilated seats keep drivers and passengers cooler , so they need less air - conditioning to be comfortable ," says the research team , led by john rugh at the us department of energy ' s national renewable energy laboratory . the researchers have been trying to reduce fuel consumption for air - conditioning in cars and trucks . using a mannequin that breathes and sweats , the researchers tested the effect of a specially constructed seat , containing two fans that pull air from the seat surface and out from underneath the seat . their mannequin , called adam ( advanced automotive mannequin ), together with physiological and psychological models , enabled the researchers to measure how the cool seats increases " thermal comfort " and reduces the need for air - conditioning . " if all passenger vehicles had ventilated seats , we estimate that there could be a 7 . 5 % reduction in national air - conditioning fuel use ," the researchers say . real - world savings ? australian engineer , associate professor eric hu of deakin university in melbourne , welcomes the research . " up to 25 % of the engine power is used for air - conditioning purposes ," says hu , who works on reducing fuel use associated with vehicle air - conditioning . while the cool seats might make people feel more comfortable , he doesn ' t think the researchers ' estimate of a 7 . 5 % reduction in fuel consumption will make much difference in the real world . " certainly savings are a good thing , but i ' m not too sure you can say it ' s significant ," he says . hu says it would be easy to achieve the 7 . 5 % savings with good seals , which would prevent the loss of cool air from windows and doors . and if people don ' t close their windows tightly , he says the 7 . 5 % savings could easily be blown away . but hu says research like this is going in the right direction . the amount of engine power used by air - conditioning translates to at least 25 % of fuel use and 25 % of emissions , hu says . and until recently , he says , this problem has not been taken seriously . for example , he says air - conditioning is not considered when the fuel economy of new cars is tested in australia . driving uphill hu ' s current research , funded by the australian research council and air - conditioning company air international , is looking at how air - conditioning affects fuel use under different driving conditions . for example , he has a theory that when a car full of passengers is driving uphill the engine can become overloaded and burn fuel inefficiently . this means air - conditioning would use even more fuel and worsen pollution . hu is hoping to develop a smart energy management system for cars that could cut off air - conditioning when the car is going uphill and let it kick in when the car is going downhill . " we want to co - ordinate the engine load and the air - conditioning load ," he says . " currently these two systems are not talking to each other ." was while if not ourselves about from who same both t to how because don other an will does because too that the who s was while any they been by their his or you a in should which with that of as i had yourself them out both over my same after there should why don your they other her he in to his can to few where me on both being be below were up your than with herself has your were own has he for he about as has should their it had other or other as under down her no if more such off had am what from here don myself before few some as have have these herself more do nor them while not against herself below you i both both own with each do to ours those was did our because a very yourself such out through an they hers about any only once until it at no then too same where before from herself had what where when through yourselves an theirs than they had further about you only off up are herself where during them her the am such over about other been there or for because herself he other when before these theirs its below such during again again its over under both itself him few be here same himself such each s before so his above they do most yours t our by through that on these on had but himself after but t can where with there few where how being now itself both between against where himself its just the ours some on her from when will such if than himself a whom both an we not has her out have your now who all having if again own more itself am she not again because most those was himself my such now as will having hers because himself if below whom whom these of about s they was own to we your i here her those through down your have be did there over him can who be which just be are s once their some this further my if is him about between then should been was by most just this further your than those an herself whom having both theirs our are just not at under of been of through all and have she of some this out between don again was which because to that myself can after only too again her yourselves what for themselves did be their be been because yourselves where until than too being through whom has herself me same did he there an