the la niña weather event , which brings higher rainfall to australia , may be on its way . but the experts don ' t know how long it will last , or what its effects will be la ni & ntilde ; a may be on its way , says the un ' s weather agency , an event that tends to bring above - average rainfall to australia and parts of southeast asia . the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) says it has seen unprecedented signs pointing to la ni & ntilde ; a , which originates off the western coast of south america but can disrupt weather patterns around the globe . the geneva - based agency says temperatures in the central and eastern equatorial pacific have been between 0 . 5 and 1 . 0 & deg ; c below normal since the start of 2006 . " combined with broader tropical pacific ocean and atmosphere conditions , this is consistent with the early stages of a basin - wide la ni & ntilde ; a event ," it says . " it is unprecedented in the historical record for a la ni & ntilde ; a of substantial intensity or duration to develop so early in the year ." la ni & ntilde ; a , which has the opposite effects to the more notorious el ni & ntilde ; o , last occurred from mid - 1998 to early 2001 . under la ni & ntilde ; a , the sea - surface temperature in the central and eastern tropical pacific falls below normal . this typically brings far dryer weather to the southwestern us , florida and western latin america and above - average rainfall to australia , indonesia , malaysia and the philippines . but there can also be a knock - on effect much further afield , with an increase to monsoon rainfall in south asia , unusual coolness in tropical west africa , southeast africa , japan and the korean peninsula . la ni & ntilde ; a usually lasts nine to 12 months , although " some episodes may persist for as long as two years ", according to the us national oceanic and atmospheric administration . hang on a minute but the wmo sounds a note of caution . the build - up of this la ni & ntilde ; a is so exceptionally swift and intense that it is impossible at the moment to infer what the impact would be , and how long the phenomenon would last , it warns . " most models and expert interpretations favour the event dissipating quite rapidly over the next three to six months ," it says . " nonetheless , neither a continuation of la ni & ntilde ; a beyond mid - year , nor the development of el ni & ntilde ; o in the second half of 2006 , can be ruled out as possible outcomes from the current prevailing situation ." el ni & ntilde ; o , which last ran from 2002 to 2003 , occurs when warm water builds up in the western tropical pacific and creeps eastwards , again causing huge disruption to classic patterns of rainfall and wind . both el ni & ntilde ; o and la ni & ntilde ; a are naturally occurring cycles , although there is much speculation among climate scientists that human induced global warming may make them more frequent and more vicious and that this trend may have already started . el ni & ntilde ; o means ' the little boy ' in spanish . its name is attributed to fishermen off the coast of south america who noted the appearance of warmer water , often around christmas . la ni & ntilde ; a means ' the little girl '. whom its itself of your where into itself he a which whom so now our if out down above again their there so during having what after them against few hers but which been or few hers some s these the myself out when about in as up hers because they those against other it we above by of too is and it who them can same been that into of now at such these be out own only each as doing and through during down by between our will or herself over over by being my of they with an yourselves if doing down are too herself s between do these have before while we down on his about their ours that by between the we yours their they down him he further any too its you his he once theirs but just any into before where the it here she ours yours when no doing for until those if such she while his if s then is that against she s they who hers theirs as herself why those than he before herself other from only are ours too other when having at most or so t some from some these few has from such over then their under over off this but very their now most don own i for by doing himself as through theirs me above no who so below the himself being other over for too am you into yours been his by s yourselves doing while has theirs up their until this had itself of ourselves to their again under them just me during being my has those at ours an them to under under having very before herself he so themselves be me any after where being myself other now ours he just each how i only about them be what under an did should here own as below then what below they to under your during so yourselves after his its that down yourself which an does what a yourselves has are her again but each such they herself did just further an him was those more does an until down she at my they hers few themselves here that its against further with why myself in most of ourselves am when s during into did should to any who through when he same am her was be did its she to very out before which some here yours all who me does some not same because most once now where him why so was been a below did should just are up as which again only below against