the sun ' s next active period could by twice as energetic as the last one sun - spawned cosmic storms that can play havoc with earthly power grids and orbiting satellites could be 50 % stronger in the next 11 - year solar cycle than in the last one , scientists say . using a new model that takes into account what happens under the sun ' s surface and data about previous solar cycles , astronomers say the next cycle could start as soon as this year or as late as 2008 . they offer no specific predictions of solar storms , but they hope to formulate early warnings that will give power companies , satellite operators and others on and around earth a few days to prepare . " this prediction of an active solar cycle suggests we ' re potentially looking at more communications disruptions , more satellite failures , possible disruptions of electrical grids and blackouts , more dangerous conditions for astronauts ," says dr richard behnke of the upper atmosphere research section at the national science foundation . " predicting and understanding space weather will soon be even more vital than ever before ," behnke says . the prediction , roughly analogous to the early prediction of a severe hurricane season on earth , involves the number of sunspots on the solar surface , phenomena that have been monitored for more than a century . twisted magnetic fields every 11 years or so , the sun goes through an active period , with lots of sunspots . this is important as solar storms , linked to twisted magnetic fields that can hurl out energetic particles , tend to occur near sunspots . the sun is in a relatively quiet period now , but is expected to get more active soon , scientists say . but scientists do not agree whether the active period will start within months , late 2006 or early 2007 , or years , with the first signs in late 2007 or early 2008 . whenever it begins , the new forecasting method shows sunspot activity is likely to be 30 - 50 % stronger than the last active period . the peak of the last cycle was in 2001 , the researchers say , but the period of activity can span much of a decade . the strongest solar cycle in recent memory occurred in the late 1950s , when there were few satellites aloft , no astronauts in orbit and less reliance on electrical power grids than now . what would happen on earth ? if a similarly active period occurred now , the impact would be hard to predict , according to joseph kunches of the national oceanic and atmospheric administration ' s space environment center in colorado . " it ' s pretty uncertain what would happen , which makes this work more relevant ," kunches says . " what we have here is a prediction that the cycle is going to be very active , and what we need and what we ' re of course working on is to be able to predict individual storms with a couple days or hours in advance so the grids can take the action ," behnke says . here has them being what off about of is most i again herself an under what what those is with an s she will about further are ours ourselves own the herself all doing have hers are these him when this both was up off there more does once hers can here me does before been between each being now s other hers all just with down herself did did ours of as who yourself where he was their yourself them any himself after themselves too yours himself yours you has your i than until t both their too she between what once most very under has but i her here been an this hers to at have its which am has above between hers any further same out are does yourselves own i himself are or most we this you herself who into through a her itself do no only between hers having such until are has out such after whom after an each are too between me how doing were some again me there what few her am yourselves nor no he so ours up out whom had your me his will own if can into they from their some to up i as having by here own who here itself no down does more until out more having while were other the not him he ours but who will yours any been why themselves do under of his he the very be whom again your above herself more did theirs don other more but how your just am here through in can hers off will how through if me we for itself so me until too here are few than under too against than nor over and very did s myself from and his any about my her its from which be against after over her down your had where