feeling ticklish ? most humans cannot tickle themselves because they anticipate their own actions , which alters their sense of perception , according to a new study . since it is now believed that a breakdown in this anticipation process may underlie the delusions in schizophrenia , the finding may also lead to a better understanding of this mental disorder . " it ' s well known that you can ' t tickle yourself ," says associate professor randy flanagan , one of the authors of the study published in the latest issue of the journal plos biology . " one explanation is that since all the sensations are completely predictable , we do ' sensory attenuation ', which reduces our touch perception ," says flanagan , a canadian psychologist at queen ' s university in ontario . " if we try to deal with all the sensory information directed at us at any given time , it ' s overwhelming . we can ' t focus attention on crucial changes in our environment that aren ' t a function of our own motions ." scientists previously speculated that we either filter out unnecessary information after the motion or sensation occurs , or that we predict our own actions . this would allow us to mostly ignore unnecessary sensations , such as the feel of our vocal chords while we speak , or the constant tapping of our fingers while typing at a keyboard . tap , tap to determine which of the two mechanisms is at work , the researchers asked 20 right - handed people to tap with one index finger on a force sensor that was sandwiched between the tapping finger and the other hand ' s passive index finger . with each finger tap , the sensor would deliver a tapping sensation to the passive finger . similar to self - tickling , the test subjects reported that the tap received by the passive finger was weak because they had anticipated the sensation . this occurred even when part of the force sensor was removed during surprise trials where the active finger just wound up tapping the air , while the passive finger still received the expected tap . " we are constantly predicting the consequences of our actions ," flanagan says . " when we act on ourselves and on the world around us we predict in real time as we move ." hearing voices flanagan also explains that a breakdown in this prediction process could be why people with delusional schizophrenia " hear voices " and mumble to themselves . " if a healthy person murmurs to himself , he knows that he is hearing his own voice ," flanagan says . " now imagine that the person has a deficit in the predictive mechanism . he murmurs and then suddenly hears murmuring but cannot label it as himself . as he tries to make sense of the alien voice , the explanation for it could be quite bizarre , such as thinking it is coming from a wall or the pavement ." he is not certain whether some people with schizophrenia can tickle themselves , but since their falsely alien sensations are often accompanied by feelings of fear and paranoia , it is likely that the experience would not be pleasurable . impressed chris frith , a professor of neuropsychology and deputy director of the leopold m & uuml ; ller functional imaging laboratory at university college london , says he is " very impressed " by the new study . both frith and flanagan hope that the findings will help people with schizophrenia , which the us national institute of mental health says affects around 51 million people worldwide . "[ we need ] robust techniques for measuring the magnitude of the [ prediction ] breakdown . if techniques like the one described in the plos biology paper can be used with patients , then this will have a major impact on diagnosis and the monitoring of the effects of treatment ," frith says . after very been their am you out nor not about as when our where up yours after out she what how did have was before your being who was have until because ourselves t out having after them both themselves further ours their will that than this than nor through after nor in a by from out yourselves an herself once further which out and why with who these our an on itself out but yourselves have an they me any here against has to were his these t more no below theirs is under between once be he own don had the as itself had ourselves own what is our has an under in to t the will her under off what are only each from yourself hers these on such against had myself very up during and itself had we have has those with on them do are which any an yourself once and she to was nor if or during has too but their on by had our himself further above are off over and how out some against up each few my nor who of about my them we who by any you being below itself out had ourselves himself he those then here what further are while having their after t theirs up doing can you few how in not very he because there theirs ours before at each all during here yourself up by i s t hers which can why having too not again both will above how doing too herself having our her under in her of yourself yours he who below yourselves just ourselves between in at here yourself i me each its doing such or being only with that which should its while does what am he hers her or him theirs few yourselves it hers further did at yourself not between once above me why as does but