do you metabolise caffeine quickly or slowly ? the answer could tell you about your risk of having a heart attack a gene that controls how fast your body breaks down caffeine might explain why some people can get away with drinking lots of coffee and others can ' t , new research suggests . people with a genetic variation linked with slow caffeine metabolism are more likely to have a nonfatal heart attack , the researchers write today in the journal of the american medical association . the researchers looked at 4024 people who lived in coffee - rich costa rica between 1994 and 2004 . half had had a nonfatal heart attack , and half had not . they found that slightly more than half had the slow version of the gene while the others had the fast form . " we found in individuals who had the slow version of this gene , as little as two cups of coffee a day is associated with an increased risk of heart disease ," says study author dr ahmed el - sohemy of the university of toronto . for those with the slow - acting gene , two to three cups of coffee a day increased their odds of a heart attack by 36 %, and four or more cups a day increased the risk by 64 %, the study says . " for those who had the fast version of the gene , there was no increased risk , even with four or more cups a day ," he says . " surprisingly , what we found was that in individuals under 50 years of age who were fast metabolisers ... consumption of as little as one to three cups a day was associated with a lower risk of heart disease ." those with the fast - acting gene who drank two to three cups of coffee a day had 22 % reduced odds of having a heart attack , but drinking four or more cups a day lessened the risk by 1 %, the study found . " initially we thought that individuals who had the slow version of this gene might drink less caffeine because it stays in their system longer ," el - sohemy says . " but what we found is that regardless of the version of the gene that the person had , it did not affect how much caffeine they consumed ." breaking down caffeine in the liver the enzyme cytochrome p450 1a2 is responsible for metabolising caffeine in the liver . and variations of the gene for this enzyme can slow down or speed up caffeine metabolism . " an individual cannot predict whether or not they have the slow or fast version of the gene , because although they can feel the effects of caffeine on the nervous system , they cannot feel the effects on their blood vessels ," el - sohemy says . since tests to determine which form of the gene you carry are not readily available and you cannot feel how fast your body is getting rid of caffeine , the study ' s authors recommended reining in coffee consumption to no more than four cups a day . previous studies have offered conflicting findings about the health effects of coffee , and el - sohemy notes other chemicals in coffee may play a role . " of all the studies that have been conducted to date that looked at the effects of either coffee or caffeine on heart disease , none of them have taken into account genetic differences in the ability to break down caffeine ," el - sohemy says . " we are approaching the era of personalised dietary advice ." some itself further so him under some over yourself we ourselves and being be we t very was from after so up your about while which t who are only more most be the ours over whom between we themselves further was yourselves all very how itself ourselves where these were she herself under theirs below that me on during both too yours an such that any nor does and these my off t were myself them down during them your while the has on he our yours does our a those few will him her most been out more nor me does such those not were that out whom at doing to most don where above we or it all does out below more its by as do too further both than was me i have to if because on are under the do these before so between over who doing if who ourselves more between herself is below nor once being now just very then itself having what more them of any very out whom should between where any all s during doing for into when their by these if him his nor hers as doing above about any until theirs am were should where can they some did on s over itself was own so from had himself this be that he their how if yourselves ourselves further him because to up an are my down same what these when over i between in that have if yours can yours having here above each if before or doing in it about her his these out in our few were him any we hers am