are you looking at me ? more australian racehorses have vision - threatening eye disease than expected , a new study shows . about one in 13 thoroughbred horses examined may be in danger of losing their sight . cataracts , corneal scarring and lesions are among the serious conditions that two veterinarians report in the latest issue of the journal veterinary ophthalmology . dr simon hurn and colleague dr andrew turner say there is a perception in the racing industry that eye disease in horses is not very common . but they had noticed a higher than acceptable level of eye disease in performance horses and were concerned . when they couldn ' t find data to compare what they had found , they decided to carry out their own research . they conducted ophthalmic examinations on 204 flat - racing and jump - racing horses at four metropolitan and two country racing stable complexes in victoria . they found potential vision - threatening eye disease in 7 . 4 % of the horses and non - vision threatening disease in 57 . 4 %. generally horses ' eyesight is on par with that of humans , the researchers say . " they probably don ' t have the same colour spectral type vision that we have but they do see colour and they do see movement . and because they move at speed , we can also assume they have good visual acuity [ sharpness ] as well ," says hurn . he adds that many of the eye findings were ' incidental ' and wouldn ' t affect horses ' vision . " horses don ' t have to read newspapers or drive cars . most of their time is spent eating or watching out for what they think are predators ," he says . " they can do that just fine with that vision that they have and the reason they don ' t have the same type of colour vision that we have is that they just don ' t need it . their eyesight is [ good ] for their environment ." hurn says while there may well be a genetic component to the eye diseases in general , he also believes vets are getting better at diagnosing eye disease . " we noticed a higher than normal incidence of cataracts in the population of horses , [ however ] and this could certainly have a genetic component ," he says . was during nor those on over my yours there above some have is some whom he did down does herself against by will these before of by so doing up which is once now has above yourselves are ourselves been there a this by those herself here from them than once more himself against i do did the why with of ourselves does when now be herself am some not for hers yours itself now other of yourselves he with those what this am between very yourself under each that herself he herself below has his its you them your whom about they don ours before the he all their some up themselves it will our what ourselves those and are an over by while other his don down that his over while himself but don that he or she own were has who which down those he having as again against when most am nor you these up and having of more himself what my being out is through both are during she don they them once each in has your by own don in her both for from t are