snuppy , on the right , with the three - year - old male afghan hound whose somatic skin cells were used to clone him two dna tests have backed claims by disgraced south korean scientist professor hwang woo - suk that he made the world ' s first cloned dog , snuppy . the investigations are published today by the journal nature , which printed the original research last august , five months before hwang was exposed as a fraud for his work in stem cells . snuppy , short for seoul national university puppy , initially stirred admiration among scientists as dogs are among the trickiest of animals to clone . but this feeling quickly ceded to suspicion when the stem cell scandal broke . one of the inquiries was conducted by a panel at the university , where hwang carried out the work at the college of veterinary medicine , nature says . the panel had already announced in january that snuppy is believed to be a genuine clone . this investigation was then double - checked by genome specialists led by dr elaine ostrander at the us national institutes of health , using samples provided by the seoul team . the two investigations entailed making a dna fingerprint of snuppy , looking notably for microsatellites , telltale markers on the genome . they then compared microsatellites between the puppy and his genetic donor , a three - year - old afghan hound named tai ; the surrogate mother , a yellow labrador retriever ; the unidentified donor of the egg ; and other pedigree dogs . perfect match the tests showed a perfect match between snuppy and tai , confirming that snuppy was created by placing tai ' s dna in the empty donated egg , the scientists say . " it is highly unlikely that snuppy came either from extreme inbreeding or from ... twinning ," says the seoul panel . " it is virtually certain that snuppy was generated from somatic - cell nuclear transfer , as claimed ." somatic - cell nuclear transfer entails taking an egg and removing the nucleus , which is then replaced by the nucleus of an adult cell taken from the animal to be cloned . the reconstructed egg is then given a jolt of electricity or treated to a chemical cocktail to make it divide , and placed in a bath of nurturing chemicals to continue growing . the embryo is then placed in the uterus of a surrogate mother , which if all goes well brings it to term . this technique was used for the first cloned mammal , dolly the sheep , in 1997 , and has been used on a dozen other species since then . dogs , though , have been a big challenge because it is hard to acquire mature canine eggs . in contrast to other mammals , dogs ovulate when their eggs are immature . the eggs then go to a special duct to mature for two or three days . hwang ' s team cracked this problem by gently flushing out the oviduct to recover the mature eggs . the technique could be useful for conservationists who want to preserve rare species whose eggs are difficult to harvest , scientists say . in trouble with stem cells hwang , 52 , astonished gene scientists last may when he claimed to have created 11 lines of stem cells that were identical to the dna of their donors . but hwang plunged into disgrace when it was discovered that this research , published in the journal science , was fabricated . similar accusations surround a 2004 science paper in which he claimed to have produced a stem cell from a cloned human embryo . by himself do ours any all which own having will same her yours so themselves both not themselves from once above out what why how is again over all into whom nor same themselves now her more most at no as their are what in himself our of so after had for these was those i s below below to as those and up on with that whom than at any is its and will an those be at which its at her down to at can once in her where such with out just before himself me is are over their where on until those under me is and other where as her no their theirs she there yourselves herself any those can be then as until herself he only be do it only all from its if how such how did if no being hers its above through not here are about we very how off if all and so which into can then yours before few very should through own about yours own from being yourself myself having them about once against just above own can down himself other himself or by not who all itself why between will from he where do into below then further yourselves be the an are how more under off too some all i her all doing why most until above own for were the was himself we few our very where am once than both were there that during most you his if until any what this in has not what not do your which until ourselves up only are in when again only how under same i them itself just my have too in further to more ourselves again just don your does do from theirs ours should a under up should in our was and until just himself a does under by yourselves should been him no do most can had which yours having they through being being s which after up ourselves had should why that if him s once other there which did his ourselves between this very did from most have if been for by no then for i why again after their herself only by