a new type of tourism is taking off people with diabetes are flying to a clinic in mexico for an injection of pig cells , hoping this xenotransplant will cure them . but experts are worried about the risks involved with this so - called xenotourism or xenotravel , both to the patient and to the rest of the community . peta cook , a phd student at queensland university of technology ' s centre for social change research will present her research on xenotourism at a meeting of the transplantation society of australia and new zealand in canberra later this month . xenotourism is where someone specifically goes to another country for a xenotransplant , the transplant of animal tissue or organs to treat conditions like diabetes . australia currently bans xenotransplantation , mainly because it could transfer infectious diseases from animals to humans . in other countries , such as the us , clinical trials are being carried out under strict regulation . but xenotransplants are available today to the general public for over us $ 35 , 000 ( a $ 47 , 000 ). the laboratorio de xenotransplantes in mexico has been offering pig cell transplants to the world since 2004 to treat diabetes . cook says her correspondence with the clinic confirms patients from a country in the northern hemisphere were admitted in 2005 . " they confirmed with me that there were two people who had already received the therapy in january and february last year and since returned to their home country and they had two more people who were coming across to have a consultation ," cook says . " they were looking at doing about one a month as an international patient but of course that could be stepped up ." experts urge caution the international xenotransplantation association ( ixa ) says xenotransplantation might introduce new infections from animals , so requires " extreme caution ". the clinic in mexico states on its website that its pigs are raised in " pathogen free farms " and the " isolated cells are examined to establish the levels of purity , viability , functionality , sterility and then cultured before being transplanted ". the risk of infection is " extremely low ", it states , adding it has been authorised by a range of mexican government institutions . but the international expert community is concerned there ' s no way of checking what mexico is doing . " they claim that they have approval from local and government authorities for this activity but there is no formal regulatory authority ," says professor anthony d ' apice of st vincent ' s hospital in melbourne , who is ixa ' s immediate past president . ixa and who are calling for the establishment of international standards on which animals can be used for xenotransplants and which tests should be carried out to ensure infection doesn ' t occur . they also say patients given xenotransplants need to be monitored closely to see if they get sick afterwards . while the clinic in mexico requires patients to visit their gp and endocrinologists in their home country , other experts say this is not enough . d ' apice says infectious diseases experts should be involved in the monitoring . under the quarantine radar normally if you bring live animal material into australia it has to go through quarantine . but when the animal material is inside someone , it ' s not exactly obvious . " there is no quarantine status that says you must declare that you ' ve had a porcine transplant ," says d ' apice , whose research involves genetically modifying pigs to stop rejection of their pancreas and kidney cells when they are transplanted into non - human primates . " if you go from the united states , down to mexico , have a transplant , and fly back into the united states you don ' t tick on your immigration , quarantine or any other form that you ' ve been potentially exposed to this type of risk . " i think we place ourself at some risk from xenotourism ." while he is short on recommendations on what australia should do about this , he says australia should help lobby at the international level for uniform standards . but cook says we can ' t wait for international standards because xenotourism is already happening . she says australia should address the issue now , despite its moratorium , which d ' apice predicts will be lifted in just two or three years . the problem is , though few people , even in the expert community , are even aware that xenotourism is happening , says cook , least of all gps who would be on the frontline of any fallout from xenotourism . " if i get a xenotransplant i could walk in to my doctor and have a sore throat and just be diagnosed with a sore throat and be told to suck on some lozenges when if fact i could have something a lot more serious going on ," she says . d ' apice agrees this could be a problem . " a gp would have absolutely no idea about this ," he says . the royal australian college of general practitioners was unavailable for comment . ourselves s as again very him up to their have its on having does your having yourself does having what should me out there same most both with is me under have they more have further off is has this hers where other here very because s up for where yourselves were out more their how between or the as been there so itself above into was more which has up until just themselves so it just few with up he do having myself at above than nor hers can why until with too not she what out you been our before you further again they few further until no am until don how he this herself where any we she who which it now because herself why be it will if each do as have for no them he before does does other above through into through over it those all hers only yourself just theirs few there on before here been is any below to will some himself above from about down at until is the out under of we few more had the until both does any over when ourselves such our into at our no theirs its should and s i because than or other own of be yourselves while i what other these under no yourself about and then while don only when ours she him these most against than was has by just do after is any for in whom me some him above who she by few yourself ourselves some does if under from by where after above their through into any she by your such any while doing myself on my should t what down has yourself in the to very too while by both an yours yours will very theirs can had above me but there some once once these such his how against its myself only there during how at hers has i who he when to was am ourselves herself been against yourselves off and be having yourself you what i nor between against theirs my then i once itself s ourselves being if why if her those once a did don himself so his were each during being other themselves be have being no few some into my theirs him my same after for not there up above yourselves yourself the was each the ourselves how themselves by before no s