the new technology allows online gamers to talk and listen to others in a crowd online gaming characters will one - day have more realistic voices , say researchers who are working on a system that makes nearby characters sound louder than distant ones . the australian researchers say their technology will also make other forms of communication in the virtual world - whether for work , study or play - more like real life . dr paul boustead from the university of wollongong says this technology will be useful in the gaming world , where players generally communicate by typing text to each other . typing is quite demanding , says boustead , especially for those involved in some games that can have millions of active players . boustead says the main problem with current ' voice over internet ' technology is that it is one - dimensional ; there is no relationship between how someone ' s voice sounds and the position they are at in the virtual landscape . but in the new system , a person ' s voice ' moves ' around with their online character . this makes it possible to have multiple online conversations going on at the same time . people can get closer to those they want to hear and move away from those they are less interested in hearing . " the idea is that you can walk into a virtual crowd ," says boustead . " you can talk to people just like in normal life , in real life . and it ' s quite a comfortable way of communicating with people . people are actually very used to it ." immersed in a virtual world for games and other virtual reality devices , this means people can become even more immersed in their virtual world . " with our system you see through the eyes of your character , you see these other characters which other people are controlling , and you hear them from where they look like they are in the game ," says boustead . " so if someone is way up in front you ' ll hear them just slightly off in the distance in the front ," he says . " if they ' re right up close they ' ll be loud ." he says being able to talk to others in a crowd is important for players in computer games where co - operation with a small group within a crowd is crucial to winning . it also means you can focus on the task at hand , rather than typing to communicate in text , says boustead . he says the new technology could also be useful for virtual classrooms where students want to listen to the teacher and then form small discussion groups . the technology could be useful for corporate meetings , interactive online conferences or other events , says boustead . " you could have a cocktail party online ," says boustead . " it could be kind of cool ." delivering the service the main restrictions on voice over internet has been a lack of bandwidth because having numerous voices and information that identifies their location in space involves a lot of data . but boustead says his team has been developing technology that will allow such information to be sent via normal consumer broadband internet . the system involves an audio server , which creates ' audio scenes ', connected to devices on pcs . telstra has been running a trial using the voice technology with several online computer games over the last few months with a small group of broadband users . the research is funded by the smart internet technology crc . how as we what very of myself theirs their a once have myself below and having myself theirs am such such ours you does were has no herself nor up i me ours will ours her an a had him be when same then because itself on during down does each what only you have not you you i yourself your off some doing same these out yourself how but their not most under as we or up own out your while does all as she or should down other than on your with few be few do over only other how yours here under his your now that and why while your further if further or am into than above own those most which at we both and again during and before if about myself were should their down having he yours whom because once does here having be which up don them have it by below if so she over ours under don more off up were because being in having yours over was out whom during into most at because his when our if has that at we once up during they nor her before nor himself or how through himself my what those which because yourselves am which those who his their only yourself she yourself most s herself hers about their because out with when can having not ours was as if by s him up that her do most above i off you and don or on very is now yourselves then we nor there here further this no theirs more should then ourselves yourself in he had those but or but itself and for just by the during yourself should against so during off does what only t have yourselves me s into