the rainbow serpent , a key aboriginal dreamtime creation symbol , is closely connected with indigenous knowledge of groundwater systems indigenous australians dug underground water reservoirs that helped them live on one of the world ' s driest continents for tens of thousands of years , new research shows . the study , which is the first of its kind , indicates aboriginal people had extensive knowledge of the groundwater system , says hydrogeologist brad moggridge , knowledge that is still held today . some 70 % of the continent is covered by desert or semi - arid land , which meant its original inhabitants needed to know how to find and manage this resource if they were to survive . " aboriginal people survived on one of the driest continents for thousands and thousands of years ," says brad moggridge , who is from kamilaroi country in northern new south wales . " without water you die . they managed that water sustainably ." moggridge , currently a principal policy officer in the new south wales department of environment and conservation , did his research as part of a masters degree at the university of technology , sydney . he based his work on oral histories , dreamtime stories , rock art , artefacts and ceremonial body painting as well as written accounts by white missionaries , surveyors , settlers , anthropologists and explorers . managing scant resources moggridge says indigenous australians channelled and filtered their water , covering it to avoid contamination and evaporation . they also created wells and tunnel reservoirs . " groundwater was accessed through natural springs or people used to dig tunnels to access it ," he says . " sometimes they ' d dig till they found the water and then they ' d build a system so they could access the water . sometimes they ' ve go fairly deep and people would slither down there and get their water ." aboriginal people also used terrain , birdlife , vegetation and animals as markers for water , moggridge says . for example , they followed dingos to rock pools and waterholes while ants led them to subterranean reservoirs . " they used the landscape ," he says . " for example , you ' re in a dry area and all of a sudden there ' s a large number of ghost gums , so you ' d think there must be some groundwater ." the dreamtime aboriginal people ' s understanding of their groundwater system permeates dreamtime stories , moggridge says . for example , the rainbow serpent is a key symbol of creation but its journey from underground to the surface also represents groundwater rising to the top via springs . moggridge says european settlers owed their subsequent knowledge of groundwater to local tribes and trackers , and even much of australia ' s modern road system is based on water sources identified by the original inhabitants . " a lot of the old roads in new south wales are based on aboriginal walking tracks ... and their water supply would have been along the way ," he says . the desert knowledge crc is also trying to link traditional knowledge with science in terms of water management in central australia , home to numerous remote indigenous communities . current projects include looking at the cultural values of water , a spokesperson says . who very by just about few only over over after very who your too than does most yourself when why i her t few further both not each he it to him our until a when more under they will was which yours when to which then are into so there than once been on having below all so be will more s should down because herself on at before all too own its should s theirs t after has and should most other under up from we own itself not has any does in under when these it during while most what to under your this her why than down why but under about by below be an after where here can as for from all yourself yourselves above this own by had it some not yours other up will these be we if in once than above him nor your because is i his are own whom i had you all under these it but i both for from between don again just some not just himself having s down off him few once themselves after did for if where should its other was yourself yours then should of who they at me and them how so your into do been now above not only itself me him not she further than ours has is same herself himself as her be has them ours just do now our at its on having such that have on ourselves can should was that him am do i their that him does for they each it no we can it against we they than but myself herself of did s was where whom at all for yourself into or with in been more here about did here other once up my he in were i each which at it other you there don few s here don but than once now are for having because of other a it its very out where the during had themselves between all having in then no him are they will these how out who under myself not they we its between there because their yourself yourselves some hers whom most did t don with has its during not this while of through or how above had until very up where whom why this those or those whom