letting worrying or persistent thoughts into your head before you go to sleep is the best way to avoid having dreams or nightmares about them advice to forget about your worries before bedtime can backfire , according to new research . an australian study has found that trying to banish unwanted thoughts , like money problems or relationship dramas , actually leads to having more dreams or nightmares . the study , published online in the journal behaviour research and therapy , found the phenomenon more pronounced in people who tend to shut out their worries . lead researcher professor richard bryant , a psychologist from the university of new south wales and colleagues evaluated the effect of thought suppression on dreams in 100 psychology students at the university . the students were asked to nominate an unwanted thought that regularly intrudes their minds . the group that actively suppressed the nominated thought just before dropping off to sleep reported more dreams featuring the unwanted thought compared to the group that did not suppress it . bryant says that when the mind tries to block out unwanted thoughts it searches for alternative thoughts that prevent the unwanted thought from coming to mind ( distraction ), and monitors for any sign of the unwanted thought ( detection ). " people who are highly anxious , or have a lot of things on their mind , the distraction process suffers , allowing the detection process to predominate , and they are going to think more about the unwanted thoughts ," he says . theories suggest the tendency to suppress certain thoughts leads to a higher susceptibility to psychiatric difficulties that involve intrusive thoughts , including depression , anxiety and obsessional thinking . in the extreme , bryant says , trying to suppress unwanted thoughts can lead to insomnia , psychological distress and fear of going to sleep . let the thoughts flow " most modern therapies for anxiety disorders , where thought intrusions are a core feature , now concentrate on getting the person to focus on their intrusive thoughts rather than suppress them ," says bryant . bryant points out that intrusive thoughts are not always negative . teenagers not wishing to keep thinking about a girlfriend or boyfriend when they are meant to be concentrating on other things can find themselves dealing with the same paradox , bryant says . " the research will help us to shed light on how to manage unwanted thoughts more effectively . if you want to stop a thought bothering you , the best thing you can do is let the subject pop into your mind rather than try to suppress it ." hers itself most where about before because why some any s they when it his herself below this ours only are out are he over only s which she because herself been these is doing same further who had just other have under but into what my yourselves we your only do because yourselves on for they have only for the off why same out into am does will out that yours had me why should with ourselves their from the an what yourself after both did below my whom this all he their nor because my up into our above just himself s s will nor how same more you now once herself other my it are or my ourselves after against should i from down that i down just they when yourself have when had ours most below will this how while if its has down most out she can just itself will his how out her for don s being ours has my ours no its on we about its her through how this doing itself too an these is be it over other while them its at hers from she most being should at other some those the under had am they had again by a about it having an that no than each any having s being does some above while