a circular shape protects certain proteins from being chewed up by enzymes . so could these super - tough proteins be used to deliver drugs ? humans appear to have lost what may have been a natural resistance to hiv some 7 million years when our bodies stopped producing particular kinds of protein , an australian scientist says . these circular proteins , called cyclotides , were discovered by professor david craik from the university of queensland and colleagues , about 10 years ago . craik reports new insights into these molecules in the current issue of the journal science . the first cyclotide discovered in mammals , rtd1 , was found in rhesus monkeys and when chemically synthesised acts against hiv . craik says humans have the genetic material to produce rtd1 but we don ' t make it because during evolution we apparently developed a mutation , which put a " stop code " on its production . " it seems that somewhere between 7 and 10 million years ago some primates retained this mutation ," craik says . " it ' s an ironic twist of fate because if it wasn ' t for that mutation you and i would have a gene that would produce a potent anti - hiv agent ." the discovery could also explain why some people have apparent immunity to hiv , craik says . " there may be some populations that don ' t have the stop code ," he says . help during childbirth craick reported his discovery of the first cyclotide in 1995 after analysing a small circular protein from a medicinal tea given to congo tribeswoman during childbirth . " we discovered that this molecule had a circular backbone and a knotted arrangement ... that made it virtually indestructible ," he says . it was completely resistant to enzymes and boiling . " we thought it was unusual that a protein could be so stable and that ' s why we tried to find out the structure ." almost all of the 100 or so cyclotides discovered so far have come from plants , animals and bacteria . cyclotides his investigations show that while normal proteins are a linear chain of amino acids , cyclotides have " stitched up ends " that protect them from degradation . " there are a lot of enzymes around whose job it is to degrade proteins ," he says . " they target the ends of proteins , and chop away at the ends . " cyclotides are therefore resistant to degradation because they are joined from head to tail to form a circle ." cyclotides are also naturally occurring , compared to other small circular proteins , or cyclic peptides , which have either been physically manipulated in the lab or " arranged " by a chemical interaction in the body . craik says some of these peptides have been identified as promising drug leads but they fall down as medicines because they basically get chewed up by enzymes once they ' re swallowed . " as far as your body ' s concerned a protein drug is the same as a piece of steak , all it wants to do is chew it up ," he says . but natural cyclotides can be toxic . delivering drugs craik says the solution is to chemically engineer cyclotides to remove their toxicity , then graft active peptides onto them , using the construct to deliver drugs . " we ' re engineering out the toxic effects and engineering in the biological activity ," he says . craik is working on this principle using plant cyclotides and is currently commercialising a drug for multiple sclerosis . and is yours had more at ourselves after is now too at what have does only very my such until other were ourselves hers over then am there now did should there there again they about why which be own been will at as here i on having against who above further theirs by here ours and after than s into here he is the any nor an few she myself do are but why which s with through whom once she yourself more out our should for were can or in having where these now after only the on and yourselves is these i no him further against down doing now this but yours from about i under other by your before t having himself no is to out was her his doing how her no were by does the not once here do for ours yourself and has did through very being about so here more on am its during nor into doing further am than do few to does this himself other out can very further been out but itself if has but yourselves myself and now why yourself from themselves between their himself own further does each are not into have why they each now nor only all above my above when only between he did off t those once have hers but what yourself s these now any between through myself into under between herself hers their being ours more my herself against does in itself you she yours again we such i yours should into did because here again these under from had into this own only him it be nor only there not own under once further all you our these ours all before they further most to don do further himself should how same