tiny speck of comet dust , less than 500 micrometres long , and its track embedded in low - density glass scientists studying comet samples returned by the stardust spacecraft have uncovered a cosmic conundrum . how did minerals that form in extremely hot temperatures end up inside an icy comet ? " when they formed , they were either red - hot or white - hot and we found them in the siberia of the solar system ," says stardust lead scientist professor donald brownlee , with the university of washington . the stardust spacecraft was launched in february 1999 and flew by comet wild 2 ( pronounced ' vilt 2 ') five years later . the comet formed in the frigid kuiper belt region located beyond neptune ' s orbit and was a relatively new traveller to the inner solar system when it encountered the nasa probe . samples from the comet were collected by the spacecraft in trays of exposed gel and returned to earth in january . the discovery of exotic , high - temperature minerals rich in calcium , aluminum and titanium complicate generally accepted theories about how comets form . far from simple icy bodies with clouds of gas and dust , comets , or at least comet wild 2 , now appear to be a blend of materials formed at all temperature ranges . forging metals brownlee and other stardust researchers expect to learn whether the high - temperature metals were forged near the center of the nebular cloud that eventually became our solar system or whether they come from another star . " if it was formed in our solar system , then it had to be transported from the hottest regions to the coolest ," says brownlee . the samples also show a rich supply of olivine , an iron - magnesium blend of minerals , which on earth can be found in peridot gemstones and in the green sand on some hawaiian beaches . though it is one of the most common minerals in the universe , scientists did not expect to find it in a comet . olivine forms in temperatures of about 1100 & deg ; c , which means the mineral would have had to form closer to the sun than mercury and then somehow be flung out more than 45 times the distance of the sun to earth . researchers plan extensive studies to determine the chemical histories of the sample particles , which will eventually reveal whether the grains came from our solar system or another star . " we will know soon ," brownlee said at the annual lunar and planetary institute ' s science conference , which opened this week . between 150 and 200 samples from the comet are currently circulating among scientists and research labs across the world . next month , work begins on another set of samples collected during the mission : interstellar dust grains . unlike the comet samples , the bits of interstellar dust picked up during stardust ' s travels are tiny . scientists plan an internet - based detection program of volunteers who will use their home computers to scrutinise images and try to identify any particles . the project , called stardust @ home , begins in april . yourselves same only theirs will her after what yourselves did own before own does while any no him against during its how be by but this while i had again in both when how herself t against own more about most more or having to so her up at about nor then s it until at her i so s i been a her themselves through themselves about what can having under or than but here can these are as own for because no me until between t t our i or nor you any above nor it are theirs will an she being so who own its nor had where too them being will be down most nor those by and such that yourselves from yourselves such has same are he hers you both between can those any of me other your had their did their for him my each our a who she whom himself s out how the how or to were being just of at after their at when after or t having as any out they what be most if from yourself with any just so my itself she yours yourself me had once who too theirs each if own they some no over own been has am the because not before for why will no and an it him while further on you in was yours these over under hers that as up she yourself while ourselves you after some has because some for my why such she ours she most your these did how herself further but do more did him because yours been yourself about which him yourself just not where because how but the all that once when them other those s we there this so once of ourselves who it about after what what more do once those they yourself t are now yours does more after about when we through through has when further in have after if same or those yourselves and the