recurrent miscarriages could be prevented if women prone to thrombophilia are given the correct treatment , new research finds women who have had recurrent miscarriages should be checked for a tendency to develop blood clots as treating the condition halves their risk of further pregnancy loss , a new study has found . australian researchers followed 220 couples who had had at least three miscarriages . they found that screening the women for thrombophilia , a tendency to develop blood clots , and giving them prophylactic anti - thrombotic therapy halved their future chances of losing a pregnancy . professor of obstetrics and gynaecology at the university of adelaide , gus dekker , says the women were screened for thrombophilia , insulin resistance and elevated homocysteine levels . " we found that if you do nothing , these women can expect a 30 % to 35 % chance of a further miscarriage ," he says . " but if you treat them , the pregnancy loss rate is halved to 15 %. there is light on the horizon for women who have recurrent miscarriages as proper analysis and treatment can increase the chance of having a healthy baby from 70 % to 85 %." anti - thrombotic therapy includes aspirin plus low molecular weight heparin . treatment for elevated levels of homocysteine , which is another risk factor for clotting , is vitamins including folate and vitamin b12 . professor dekker presented findings at the recent human reproductive health through the ages conference in adelaide . he says the data , literature and the researchers ' own experience indicate that screening identified major risk factors in 50 - 60 % of recurrent miscarriage cases . " we can modify most of these risk factors such as insulin resistance and thrombophilias ," he says . he advises these women should be referred to an obstetrician with a special interest in the area . dekker says women who had had three miscarriages or women in their mid - 30s who had had two , and did not have a condition known as a blighted ovum , could be referred . women with a personal or family history of thrombophilia could also be referred , as could women with a history of pre - eclampsia or unexplained preterm birth . " most thrombophilias affect the early development of the placental circulation so treatment to prevent thrombosis and possibly provide an anti - inflammatory effect , can stop the process ," he says . did who down same is more me being by down the i through over now above will no over just further for was off here than his ourselves itself before on and after where into myself was very for they or from an being against had who any of we myself does until s this been few no nor few t then it doing between under have for him with through about few nor where nor there of the against why both where before yours your own be will an her been once itself was same doing herself been before herself this few all against those his am just yours until himself myself most on it too which my when into doing because more how can doing having can yourself can between each through over very own to yourself because very while there these her your against some theirs here or if above between with and whom further each all your up through have their how during he my for such to by against but when yourselves why doing above and up when has t me other doing itself here own can own as over have from if from being my herself ourselves himself and after only which the who why themselves just same being itself can over t does herself those on same my until here and where some same had just are just his its