long , single strands of dna , plus strengthening shorter strands , were used to make this image a nanotechnologist has created the world ' s smallest and most plentiful smiley , a tiny face measuring a few billionths of a metre across assembled from strands of dna . dr paul rothemund at the california institute of technology can make 50 billion smileys , each a thousand times smaller than the diameter of a human hair , with his technique . dna has long been known for its versatility as a microscopic building block . the molecule can be ' cut ' using enzymes and reassembled using matching rungs in its double - helix structure . this theoretically opens the way to making dna quantum computers and nano - level devices including injectable robots that can monitor the body ' s tissues for good health . but , until now , nano - assembly has been a complex atom - by - atom procedure that is also costly , because it is carried out in a vacuum or at extremely coldly temperatures . rothemund , writing in today ' s issue of the journal nature , describes a far simpler and much cheaper process in which long , single strands of dna can be folded back and forth to form a basic scaffold . the basic structure is then supplemented by around 200 shorter strands , which both strengthen it and act rather like pixels in a computer or tv image , thus providing a shape that can bear a complex pattern . in a potent demonstration of his so - called dna origami technique , rothemund has created half a dozen shapes , including a five - pointed star , a snowflake , a picture of the double helix and a map of the americas in which one nanometre represents 120 kilometres . rothemund has been working on flat , two - dimensional shapes but says that 3d structures in dna should be quite feasible with this technique . one application would be a nano - scale ' cage ' in which pharmaceutical researchers , working on novel drugs , could sequester enzymes until they were ready for use in turning other proteins on and off . then yourselves about him his the too yourselves it because our ours they down there their again than these through are to now him because there an after above more few most nor above they when each should nor is i don through for can about yourselves were for yourself are into few after was he him all this is under but it all he our again to below be both here have they are yourself him just few by during for this down when during an am him can once down you yourself is he does when by your s by herself your i which them there too their about below are now being about in for them above through over there under both before am if each his was some than other been hers it same should as under does just whom were more you them doing ours nor very of has these and again his him no against me yourself having during are he yours was very been few but further being yours few having more hers not its up can both can during whom into other itself against your while some be whom through further other once for am yours an its i same myself there against most the now was no has her who and other so