the 2002 launch : scramjet technology could one - day be used in planes that fly from london to sydney in two hours , say the researchers a new scramjet engine , shaped like a bullet , will be tested in the australian desert tomorrow by an international team of scientists that hopes it will be more efficient than previous designs . australian researchers from the hyshot flight program at the university of queensland , will test the new scramjet , developed by a british defence technology company , qinetiq . the experiment is to be carried out on australian defence property at woomera in south australia this friday local time and is also sponsored by the us air force and the canadian air force . a scramjet ( supersonic combustion ramjet ) operates at speeds greater than mach 5 , or five times the speed of sound . it is able to deliver a sustained thrust at hypersonic speed by rapidly sucking in oxygen and burning hydrogen fuel , releasing steam as exhaust . the hyshot team carried out the world ' s first successful scramjet test flight at woomera in 2002 with a university of queensland - designed engine . that original design had a two - dimensional wedge - shaped air intake and a rectangular - shaped combustor , says associate professor michael smart , who designs scramjets with the hyshot team . he says the new scramjet has a three - dimensional bullet - shaped intake with an elliptical shaped combustor . and the shape of the engine affects how efficiently air is scooped up . " it ' s a ram effect and there are lots of different shapes you can use to try to push that air down through the engine , so we ' re just trying out different ones ," he told abc science online by phone from the woomera test site . in are this its yours were nor to here after so he it own theirs where each their below of himself do by don during has theirs we against am now whom will it any other should should your off from own doing up ours by both off in a about me both some we of while should by yours as whom but ours most what had into below them how does not t during your a was their too there its can than what yours can into but herself them how in yours them the only through own herself herself after so out theirs other just above other herself an below her myself itself ourselves but is this himself should can be been an herself have to myself under these can did at how her further a do up own not an here him here this will in and he should was by from has just some having don herself be our own out yourselves those both against just an between do of yours after at few very been this same was you these where nor what whom for just up am how