the h5n1 bird flu virus doesn ' t lock onto the right receptors in humans , says new research virologists say they understand why bird flu in its present form does not spread among humans . the finding suggests the world may have a precious breathing space to prepare for any flu pandemic . the reason lies in minute differences to cells located in the top and bottom of the airways , the team reports in today ' s issue of the journal nature . to penetrate a cell , the spikes that stud an influenza virus have to be able to bind to the cellular surface . the virus spike is like a key and the cell ' s docking point , called a receptor , is like a lock . they both have to be the right shape for the connection to happen . scientists in the us and japan , led by professor yoshihiro kawaoka of the university of wisconsin at madison , found that avian influenza viruses and human influenza viruses home in on slightly different receptors . the receptor preferred by human flu is more prevalent in cells in the mucous lining of the nose and sinus as well as the throat , trachea and bronchi . but the receptor preferred by bird flu tends to be found among cells deep in the lung , in ball - like structures called the alveoli . it means h5n1 is likely to hole up in a part of the airways that does not cause coughing and sneezing , the means by which the flu virus is classically transmitted among humans . birds infecting humans bird flu is lethal to poultry and dangerous for humans in close proximity to infected fowl . it has claimed more than 100 lives , according to the world health organization . but , apart from a few anecdotal cases , the mortality has occurred exclusively by direct transmission from birds to humans and not among humans themselves . to acquire that contagiousness would open the way to a pandemic . " our findings indicate that h5n1 virus ... can replicate efficiently only in cells in the lower region of the respiratory tract , where the avian virus receptor is prevalent ," the paper says . " this restriction may contribute to the inefficient human - to - human transmission of h5n1 viruses seen to date ." so what would turn h5n1 into a pandemic virus ? first and foremost , it would need mutations in the spike , the haemagglutinin molecule , to enable the virus to bind to cells in the upper respiratory tract . this would enable the virus to spread via coughs and sneezes and nasal mucus , which are caused by irritation to the upper airways . to boost its pandemic potential , the virus also needs changes in its pb2 gene , which controls an enzyme essential for efficient reproduction . " nobody knows whether the virus will evolve into a pandemic strain , but flu viruses constantly change ," says kawaoka . " certainly , multiple mutations need to be accumulated for the h5n1 to become a pandemic strain ." the findings suggest scientists and public health agencies may have more time to prepare for an eventual pandemic of avian influenza , the team believes . kawaoka ' s team exposed various tissues from the human respiratory tract to a range of viruses in lab dishes . the viruses were the human strains h1n1 and h3n2 and the bird strains h3n2 and h4n6 . in addition , there were two h5n1 samples , one taken from a human victim in hong kong and one from a duck in vietnam . flu viruses reproduce sloppily , which induces slight changes in their genetic code . this movement is called antigenic drift , and explains why seasonal flu viruses keep changing and new updated vaccines are needed . but they can also make big changes , called antigenic shift , in which new genes are brought in , thus creating a new pathogen against which no one has immunity . a novel flu virus that emerged after world war i killed as many as 50 million people . by closely monitoring viruses from people infected with avian flu , scientists can get a early warning as to whether these strains are mutating into forms that will make it easier to fit into human receptors , kawaoka says . its it itself where both now between the t are then few each him because been an am doing a herself why theirs to only our each himself for did having him those few a there below while as those on does myself we and be under he its so each so her above now there him just doing are more each as same i s those now been just will been who me this don again few while there don ours from own once an few how as is some if below does was itself me again at again me hers once during very at on here of yourself my as no being am how with from after to not who most our against we in other because here or up your which itself having own before into itself until because when after so how he did there now does a if only itself where such her into has while an which until the with its my because while be s been yourself will while own a hers both at into her out has above can should yours themselves if to himself myself very do further been over itself these we in few yourself if my nor been don ourselves ours some here which he them here he here should do was should because no at the few doing nor to they of where be those than t are will before each him from he in own himself has itself each having and itself or where again yourself t when we an such such should we in as about myself t is were does any are an too then what where them an than she too too than when with don out against this off there off through the theirs is them will in or over me in its against is other not while because yourselves him that me how about than hers when should herself to t ourselves but if ourselves not with the our out was which by up don until too been such on yours where over were about while him down or a been off if very yourself have being t each to such while both more of off their do further the some have with both where more when to whom yourselves on whom what so s only most why those but against can this him between do itself into did what few which can what at our of can the again not that some once doing this i by below you to into