the headaches , colds and sniffles associated with ' sick building syndrome ' are more likely a sign of poor work satisfaction , a new study shows so - called sick building syndrome does not exist , according to a uk study that suggests its cold - like symptoms can be mainly pinned to job stress , dissatisfaction and poor office relationships . dr mai stafford , of university college london , and colleagues publish their findings today in the journal occupational and environmental medicine . the research is part of the prestigious whitehall study , a wider body of work looking at the health of public servants . sick building syndrome is a popular yet vague term to describe headaches , coughs , tired or itchy eyes , runny noses or inexplicable tiredness that are usually blamed on poor air quality in the office . more than 4000 uk public servants , aged 42 - 62 and working in 44 different buildings across london , were questioned about their health . they were asked to list any symptoms of sick building syndrome , the physical properties of their offices and the demands of their job , including levels of support at work . separately , the buildings were also assessed by independent field workers . they checked temperature , lighting intensity , levels of airborne bacteria , fungi and dust , humidity , ventilation flow , noise level and concentrations of co2 and airborne organic chemicals . one in seven of the men and nearly one in five of the women respondents reported five or more symptoms of the syndrome . hot , dry and dusty there was some evidence , but minor , that those who reported high levels of the symptoms worked in offices that were too hot and dry and had relatively high levels of airborne germs and dust . but those with only low levels of the symptoms worked in buildings where there was poor air circulation and unacceptably high levels of co2 , noise , fungus and airborne chemicals . in fact , the biggest factors linked with the symptoms were job stress and lack of support in the workplace . "' sick building syndrome ' may be wrongly named ," say the authors . " raised symptom reporting appears to be due less to poor physical conditions than to a working environment characterised by poor psychosocial conditions ." a long line of research previously research has highlighted a link between ill health and control over work , job demands , work overload and job category . if sick building syndrome may not exist , its symptoms do , and they cost companies dearly in lost production , the paper says . it says the lesson for bosses is that when such symptoms come to light , they should consider causes that go beyond the office ' s physical design and operation and delve into more complex areas , such as job roles and the autonomy of the workforce . ours more any been myself a theirs very only it why after up when here such its into very being yourselves during why other about but yourself was as those been theirs for further through why such are own here its don does yours further here being once than their don this were so before yourselves yours up during a yourself once only than whom his if about itself i at hers if above why those where with of very from herself himself t above if before when had been them below your both was on being not is do during below our am but again and too them against which who on against from too as of a too his because it down all been s most of this she doing where my because off themselves ourselves before those and she below ourselves t own other don than where whom below am myself all what now above myself these your such before during before s off only can be themselves too we against were are between now were do i don with her further herself should that yourself between me again to is theirs most theirs hers than all where an you too ours each i any such than both will yourselves before the in themselves they myself from for them further where does does other on why down when so yourselves in once should you as has himself myself some t herself own yourself any yourselves she against was can her be and down most most ourselves most was which was had does the it was during should over yours how same most theirs hers when be when did too yourselves be further against each in above between should theirs had but him was or down had ours they had under who few because having same should been below will why so which from or had yours its when through more t