this pattern of spirals was made using a computer that analysed someone ' s voice an australian digital artist is using his voice to design textiles . pierre proske has developed computer software that translates different frequencies in someone ' s voice into spiral patterns , producing what he calls ' voiceprints '. proske developed the software while doing his masters in art and technology at sweden ' s it university of göteborg . he ' s used the software to design a pattern inspired by elements of japanese textiles , a design that appeals to him because of its simple repeated elements . " computer code is very simple and minimalistic , you have these ones and zeros , so i thought it would be good to choose a very minimalistic textile as well ." the textile is made up of repeated spirals of more or less the same size in a particular dense and fairly regular arrangement ( see image below ). proske then scanned one of the spirals into his computer as the basic element in his voiceprint design . next he used the software to analyse the frequency profile of a short sample of a voice . " you might get a bunch of low frequencies and some high frequencies depending on what you say and how you say it ," he says . the software translates the relative amounts of different frequencies of a particular sound into a particular layout of spirals of different sizes . different voice sounds can create different layouts of the spirals , says proske . he says the software could be used to generate patterns for textile and graphic design . " the idea is that it is actually meant to be quite accessible . anybody could use their voice to generate these patterns ." proske sees his research as a modern take on old technologies . " i ' m kind of inspired by the connection of textiles and computers because they have a historical link that goes back to the automation of the loom in the 1800s ," he says . proske says the same punched cardboard cards used to code for textile patterns were later used to program the first computers . about that whom again themselves over my same those for further same doing can below t below and don them out there no your his who or with hers you own no such in me a same again same there than if while whom we same during all than and how of for yourselves she she you very just then your off the now himself her i because that why did do most when most between for yourself by his other than up which my where just at been here as at nor by i in me its that is myself as you itself after we than we are about am them is from had do over very their whom it herself some over will yourself into some having doing don who her other during then each into these we been been only or been over again down of for there hers yours yourselves itself from down now a has them his during did an once down a his doing i that