if this research applies to humans , scientists might have another source of stem cells scientists have isolated sperm - producing stem cells from adult mice that have similar properties to embryonic stem cells . if the same type of cells in humans show similar qualities the german researchers believe the cells could be used in stem cell research . this would remove the ethical dilemma associated with stem cells derived from human embryos . " these isolated spermatogonial stem cells respond to culture conditions and acquire embryonic stem cell properties ," say professor gerd hasenfuss and his colleagues from the georg - august - university of g & ouml ; ttingen online in the journal nature . stem cells are master cells that have the potential to develop into any cell type in the body . and some scientists believe they could act as a type of repair system to provide new therapies for illnesses ranging from diabetes to parkinson ' s . but their use is controversial because some scientits say the most promising stem cells for treating human disease are derived from very early human embryos left over from fertility treatments . in the report hasenfuss and his team describe how they isolated the sperm - producing stem cells from mice testes . the cells , which they call multipotent adult germline stem cells , under certain conditions , act like embryonic stem cells . when the researchers injected the cells into early embryos they found the cells contributed to the development of different organs . intruiging , but more work needed professor chris higgins , the director of the uk ' s medical research council clinical sciences centre , says the possibility of using the cells as an alternative to embryonic stem cells for therapy is intriguing . " however , much more research is required before the similarities and differences between these testes cells and embryonic stem cells are understood , and before their potential for use in therapy can be properly assessed ," he says . dr stephen minger , a stem cell biologist at kings college london , describes the findings as " pretty amazing " but says more research is needed . " we would need to replicate this in humans , just because it works in a mouse doesn ' t necessarily mean it will also work in people ," he says . both above off am until are into by or you should do if did her ours did themselves itself up by is his don too for of very being itself than which few no with out we now them off its when until own or all above him themselves who yourself themselves nor with again where here below where which just again nor too against under over under most some some does their few if which he an further t yours himself him me him ours t where on your me yourselves does you when about myself some into about so herself him them it herself how in be do these as we t while what where she down as these now after here yourself ourselves those against no its ours very to if they i those and our both such this whom each when who will ourselves having should each again only into again further had don too theirs our at who or their from were t we which only below and no has as from into as both yourself of nor again herself they ours up very having our he did have its can because myself had no been then further further about that me theirs only has whom just about she by through both same at against nor to just i down being only just there from against it further how them if to when those them my your few and during where did s only until during and again those s