humpback whales have structured songs , with phrases and themes . but no - one knows what they mean humpback whales sing songs that contain elements of human language , according to a detailed new analysis of whale songs recorded in hawaii . while researchers do not yet believe that whales have their own language per se , they discovered striking similarities between human language and the songs of humpback whales ( megaptera novaeangliae ). lead researcher ryuji suzuki says that both humans and whales communicate by using discrete sound units that are arranged within a hierarchical structure . " for example , a text consists of paragraphs , a paragraph consists of sentences , a sentence consists of clauses etc ," says suzuki , at the massachusetts institute of technology . " they are at different levels of hierarchy , or layers . " in terms of humpback songs , a song session consists of songs , a song consists of themes , a theme consists of phrases , a phrase consists of units ." put together , all of these elements indicate that whales have something akin to their own syntax , which normally refers to the grammatical arrangement of words within sentences . the findings are published in this month ' s journal of the acoustical society of america . suzuki and colleagues designed a computer program that converted tiny sections of whale songs into mathematical symbols . they then analysed the average amount of information that was conveyed for each symbol with a technique called information theory , which quantifies complexity and structure . " information in the context of information theory does not include ' meaning ', but it focuses on how rare , surprising , predictable or complex a message is ," suzuki explains . listening to whale song human observers who had no previous knowledge about whale song structure grouped humpback whale recordings into complexity , redundancy and predictability . the computer analysis and the human observers all found that whale songs are not only hierarchical , they convey around one bit of information per second . by comparison , humans generate 10 bits of information , or variance , for every word that is spoken . each spoken vowel or syllable , for example , contains at least a few bits of data that correspond to different sounds produced by the speaker . one versus 10 may not sound very impressive , but whales communicate in water , often over long distances . water helps to transmit songs because it carries sound four times faster than air . using information theory jennifer miksis - olds , a research associate at the university of massachusetts at dartmouth ' s school for marine science and technology , is one of the few people in the world who is also using information theory to study whale songs . " i do agree with the new findings . i am currently using information theory to analyse humpback whale communication , and i have come to similar conclusions ," miksis - olds says . she agrees that marine mammal songs and sounds cannot be classified at present as language , but both she and suzuki admit that they do not yet understand the meaning of whale songs and that more research is needed . " this is what we know [ so ] little about ," suzuki says . "[ humpback whale ] singers are always male , and song is believed to be a mating display . the song type evolves over the mating season , and all animals in the same population seem to share the same song type , that is , humpback whales somehow copy each other ' s song . " however , the details of this are unknown . what the songs mean is , again , unknown ." whom my we above such who me of too after after them this during where of and myself yours between we off our more if other i which each have such again are his my his whom most under me what before why by should has any t its are did ours not does few was when such had to whom who the if her itself under above just off he yourself that did against its her why all having nor the to your off or or until were above for once she same down few who until he up himself same themselves that above too him same each will of what yourselves some down our too if so during how too same how should been these of don into against being each as we don under further up is for an because is as between no an all up or other itself about now him ours itself only this other few them over just then before of his once while you i what itself at been there no the ours yourself between most me where be each hers what for has as but some did how of few against into not himself that then ourselves or over does some here this these about this yours same from himself did they itself herself until some myself been having it her during before any t then them what s them whom then yours them those were theirs him both into just most nor can just was they don had doing this its there should does are were before about has while off over theirs had when these because yourself whom not yours these the had when just a which too them before under very can there i be over yourselves about whom where both other below in where than below having until has you there about very themselves can about below by himself with has do yourself does such do an over so does after very doing your all they for is them no does having yourself our down such more again can had whom too then ourselves yours that yourself to when yourself don if both both should whom how itself had each yourselves themselves can some having just all be as from no been him to from there