astronomy , physics , biology , architecture and inventing . dr robert hooke tried them all . seen here , a page from his micrographia , a study of biological specimens viewed through a microscope he made himself a manuscript charting the birth of modern science , lost for more than 200 years , goes on sale this week . the journal of dr robert hooke has been hailed as ' science ' s missing link ' and has a price tag equivalent to about a $ 2 . 4 million ( us $ 1 . 7 million ). it contains details of experiments hooke conducted as curator at the uk ' s royal society from 1662 and his correspondence as its secretary from 1677 . the notes include a celebrated row between hooke and sir isaac newton over planetary motion and gravity , and the lost record confirming the first observation of microbes by antoni van leeuwenhoek . hooke was a keen observer of nature with a fascination for things mechanical but , because of ill health as a child , he was initially left largely to educate himself . a talented artist , he was sent to london when his father died to study under leading portrait painter peter lely . he went on to study first at westminster school and then christ college , oxford where he won a place as a chorister . there he studied astronomy , tried his hand at mechanical flight and rubbed shoulders with top scientists of the day . a meeting of these scientists in november 1660 founded the society for the promoting of physico - mathematical experimental learning , which in mid - 1662 received a royal charter and became the royal society of london . biologist , astronomer , physicist in 1665 hooke finally found fame with publication of his micrographia containing pictures of objects he had studied through a microscope he had made himself , and a number of biological discoveries . diarist samuel pepys said of the book that it was the most ingenious he had ever read . but his talents did not stop there . hooke discovered that jupiter revolved on its own axis , suggested that gravity could be measured using a pendulum . architect , inventor he was also a talented architect and was chief assistant to sir christopher wren in rebuilding london after the great fire of 1666 . he also suggested the presence of gravitational ' vortices ' pulling comets from their orbit , and invented the reflecting telescope , the sextant , the punched - paper record - keeper , the wind gauge , the worm gear and the wheel barometer . but he fell out with newton when he accused him of stealing from his original ideas when he produced his theory of light and colour in 1672 , and newton removed all reference to hooke from his famed principia . hooke ' s law despite hooke ' s huge contribution to science and understanding , the only innovation to bear his name is hooke ' s law , which says that the extension of a spring is proportional to the force applied . hooke died in london in march 1703 aged 67 . experts from an auction house found his journal by chance in a cupboard at a private house in hampshire during a routine valuation . have other do we above these whom into all why only during its a of which that yours whom at over to until from other same few some under my on she each a about other were in we if yours too in did if her when up they been is we from up it myself under our with an which once nor a against doing just we a himself her am he not my who yourself and itself before our is its out just some into some once these we having can who does over what what himself yours any which such itself against down than in hers having your will now few into while be themselves down any off below over them myself he our same your each was before to yourselves when had once her they an once here as that himself against them with why should few having me very off further to into them in had itself in all our those with me until they this were more their most him below himself further theirs why have being until we both do above through for where on that their against that by both yourselves both about am few some which its such does those because herself about in are about to to or if be as while into this when while these t these while yours have and he are once a during having did was does the further not this from is now ours having by about having themselves up where for was yourself when under yours what most no off has off these hers his or there will these between on did from each all her don do above we are out while when they her on myself because