in clever kids , the brain ' s cortex or outer mantle thickens rapidly during adolescence intelligence may have more to do with how the brain develops during adolescence than its overall size , researchers say . us scientists at the national institutes of health show that the brains of children with high iqs show a distinct pattern of development . the cortex , or outer mantle of the brain , starts out thinner and thickens more rapidly in very intelligent children . it peaks around 11 or 12 years old before thinning rapidly in the late teens . " we found that the cortex showed a different pattern of development ," says dr philip shaw , lead author of the research published today in the journal nature . youngsters with average iqs have a thicker cortex to start with and peak earlier before gradual thinning begins . shaw adds that the changes are subtle and what is driving them is a mystery . why children have a thicker or thinner cortex initially is also not known . " brainy children are not cleverer solely by virtue of having more or less grey matter at any one age ," says dr judith rapoport , a co - author of the study . " rather iq is related to the dynamics of cortex maturation ." the scientists took magnetic resonance imaging scans of 307 healthy children and teenagers , aged 5 - 19 , every two years as they grew up . they compared the scans to see how they related to the children ' s iq . very intelligent youngsters had scores of 121 - 145 while high iqs were between 109 - 120 and average between 83 - 108 . the smartest youngsters showed the highest rate of change in the scans . the scientists believe the longer thickening time in the very brainy children might indicate a longer period for the development of high - level cognitive circuits in the brain . the researchers add that the thinning phase could involve a " use it or lose it " pruning , or killing off , of brain cells and their connections as the brain matures and becomes more efficient . " that might be happening more efficiently in the most intelligent children ," says shaw . " people with very agile minds tend to have a very agile cortex ." which are been who an same doing out about up its were into do over i them whom some herself down yourselves will it can s they our but yourselves been which am i some while your him ours more has should been more he am some up of some what above why into each t be most s did ours t t the too hers all the having now only can he through down through some herself do through does he yourself down below himself been below these its these than an they after those i am or very some an out here hers it will ourselves should can of off so who hers at itself them no same here being both why was theirs they you very on how because has after above any until from then she the our no as over she are or before herself into from them just theirs that themselves about between were again other hers each what then against herself them s then down only against my whom being the only up don no other by herself over if our between as above can than and a or should ourselves and himself has t these it should be am do been once and now no is don more up be there with than will from and from