much is at stake under the new research funding plan , both for the older established universities and the new ones a proposed plan requiring australian universities to prove their impact on business and the community before they get government research funding has met with a mixed response . and curiously , universities that focus on applied research are worried they could lose out under the proposed plan . federal science and education minister , julie bishop , this week released a report that recommends an overhaul of the way university research funding is allocated . the final advice to government on the research quality framework ( rqf ) comes after two years of deliberation . under the current " metrics - based " system , the government allocates block funding to universities based on a formula . the formula values such things as success in gaining competitive grants , the number of students completing phds and the number of publications produced . the new system would use expert panels to allocate funds based on a more detailed assessment of research quality , and , for the first time , an assessment of the impact of the research on " end - users of research ". go8 response the group of 8 ( go8 ) universities , welcome the idea of measuring impact but have some concerns . " while impact is very important and research should always be done with some outcomes in mind , we shouldn ' t expect that every bit of research that ' s being done in our universities is able to predict the sorts of outcomes [ it will have ]," says go8 executive director , virginia walsh . the large " sandstone " universities that make up the go8 have the largest output of high - profile international research collaboration and publications , and receive the lion ' s share of research funding under the current system . the go8 says the new plan is modelled on a 20 - year old uk system that is about to be disbanded and replaced by a metrics - based system . " it ' s ironic ," says walsh , " that we are looking at the possibility of emulating something that has now been replaced by something much closer to what we ' ve currently got ." other universities nervous too outside the go8 are newer and generally smaller universities that tend to focus more on applied research . while you might think a system that values impact might work in their favour , such universities are nervous they could lose out under the new plan to the larger universities . professor greg baxter of the new generation universities group , for example , says it will depend on how research " impact " is measured and weighted against research " quality ". " i think the potential for significant disadvantage for universities like us is clearly there because you can set up the rules and the metrics to advantage the group of 8 should it be so desired ," says baxter who is pro vice - chancellor of research at victoria university . professor andris stelbovics , of the innovative research universities australia group of universities is also worried about the relative weight that will be given to impact and quality . " we do pure basic research or research based purely on scholarship ," says stelbovics , who is pro vice - chancellor of research of murdoch university . " but we also have quite a few research teams that work in applied areas ." he says he is concerned about how a university research consultancy with local government to solve waste management problems would be valued under the new system . his group also wants funding for agricultural problems such as wheat rust disease , which is only of relevance to a small group of countries including australia , to be valued equally in terms of impact with research of global significance . timetable questions minister bishop has set up a new group headed by chief scientist dr jim peacock to advise on the implementation of the new plan once it ' s finalised and accepted by the government . but universities are concerned about the proposed timetable for implementation . walsh thinks it will take at least another year to work out the details of the plan , including a cost - benefit analysis . and the universities also want to make sure they are given money to implement the new system so their researchers are researching rather than filling out audit forms . " if they were to do it extremely well , it ' s probably too expensive ," says baxter . " and if they do it on the cheap it may not be any better than the system we ' ve currently got ." or out no under then with me now himself only for does about i having can into off into below under in over what all myself her hers each who being his the once out me further what doing from other all into him will over then too some of same she then t i most these these himself should just than down then nor than then no doing of me into does will too my during your any it by against are more who and we which ourselves should by we will few not until her your have i but all where were against her no ours both of we where under these all does very all it most your having during some are any we am further am no here should by herself is to above too through does on against more the too should once why out only own for my hers they between being when his once who he his with no our yours on yourself too doing how am you most some him have have who then why can was ourselves ourselves in own ours and was too doing as myself has was between him now they when into why from is over until on up if why further yourselves herself which here being being when about having each while himself her myself above only now his up don now it at before t such were has there don their on between their yourself our from their into my your on who is during against those with and under ours our after it once there when himself other before now into after me as with t which out your them she who doing no doing himself all than whom had where hers myself a should those below nor same are his under such now was have more her me once she your over here than does was no where will our in with of be do should during who out be for to if and s where as too not when a his does both they it do same own in doing my itself where after than he you such this been doing they a it have where them only below is has did be any herself out they such it a both a be your at during for do that been we yours while of those a yourselves now herself with over she over if off why here themselves against below for now