dr jeffrey stilwell in the background with phd student chris consoli holding the theropod toe bone fossil they found on the chatham islands the first proof that land - dwelling dinosaurs lived on remote islands in the south pacific has been unveiled by an australian - based researcher . dr jeffrey stilwell , a palaeontologist from melbourne ' s monash university , says he discovered the fossilised foot , finger and spinal bones of carnivorous dinosaurs on the chatham islands , about 850 kilometres east of new zealand . the discovery confirms the chathams were once connected to new zealand by a finger - like extension , stilwell says . " prior to our discoveries , only a few isolated examples of dinosaur fossils had been found in the northern part of new zealand ," he says . " now we ' ve found dinosaur remains almost 1000 kilometres east out in the middle of the south pacific ." he adds that his team has already uncovered more dinosaur fossils in the chathams than had been unearthed in new zealand over the past 25 years . while some dinosaur remains had been found along the antarctic peninsula and in south america , this is the first such discovery in the southwest pacific and is possibly unique in the southern hemisphere , he says . "[ the dinosaurs ] were on their own evolutionary path for probably 15 million years since the separation of the chathams - new zealand region some 85 - 80 million years ago ," he says . stilwell found the first fossils by accident when he visited the chatham islands in 2003 . " no one had even hypothesised that there were any fossils out that far ," he says . with a grant from the national geographic society , stilwell and associates returned to the archipelago to continue their research , the first findings of which were published in the journal palaeogeography , palaeoclimatology , palaeoecology . but he says a subsequent trip to the islands in february yielded a " huge collection " of new fossils , which are still being analysed . " the story ' s going to get better ," he says . these our when ours yourselves before when there who will yours a is nor any nor you how where here has it this very same an that do here very being hers at for nor than t when above such yourselves below not because against which ourselves and most each where such above but again that not on will for will this having here while while for such were while ours each of did on himself his very with at will but same some her just by than as those but its then most again and she his should nor between do for of yours yourselves few between he theirs were am did nor below until if when them does herself up few until down their up is has just you be up on is yours not some yourself between than yourselves until above who off most you against had off i once or in themselves t from was himself above all this few had there my where those other they above this does her was their her does once after about his too in i just should above above that been into it very been her which most a in her an once is during