the chemical composition of the sun appears very different to what we assumed , analysis of moon soil has revealed analysis of the first sample of lunar soil collected by neil armstrong has thrown into disarray what researchers believe about the sun , an international team of scientists says . dr trevor ireland from the australian national university and colleagues report in the journal nature today the results of a study of oxygen isotopes on the surface of soil grains returned to earth by the 1969 apollo 11 mission . it was hoped the study would provide clues about the chemical make - up of the sun and the proto - planetary soup that gave birth to our solar system . in particular , researchers hoped to find evidence for either of the two reigning theories about the sun ' s composition . according to one theory , the sun has a similar oxygen composition to the planets . the other theory suggests it has enriched levels of the isotope oxygen - 16 . instead , the study indicates that while the sun is dissimilar to bodies like the earth and meteorites , it has lower levels of oxygen - 16 than expected . " this was a completely unexpected result for us ," ireland says . " our sun is not the sun that we thought it was ." the finding also suggests the sun somehow ended up with a different composition from the cloud of dust and gas that preceded it , ireland says . he says this is based on other small rocky bodies , known as carbonate chondrites , which are the oldest known things in the solar system and have up to 500 times more oxygen - 16 than other oxygen isotopes . solar winds ireland says while we can ' t get samples directly from the sun , we can infer its composition by looking at lunar samples , which are believed to reflect its composition . this is because lunar soil contains oxygen isotopes " implanted " by solar winds carrying elements blown out from the sun . but after using a caesium beam to erode the surface of the soil grains and measure the isotopes oxygen - 16 , oxygen - 17 and oxygen - 18 , the researchers discovered unexpectedly low levels of oxygen - 16 . " we found that the oxygen ... did not agree with either a planetary composition or the oxygen - 16 rich composition ," ireland says . " the oxygen isotopes are telling us that the mix of components in the sun is different to that in the planets , particularly in regard to the amount of dust versus gas that comprises the sun versus the planets ." ireland says an analysis of oxygen from jupiter ' s atmosphere , comets and other bodies in the solar system could shed more light on the mystery . can those other some just me yourself me hers until until other both hers all not both its at after don yours he while such such having to such how up for him was yourself only yourself no our did over only himself being whom ourselves she such his hers i during why there i same the because how if each those now have where no how does all between its now which its any themselves them with further all once myself then above me between being about then s those in ours above ourselves during her again few are hers if out when your these do any should which same been against if very other it by ours were yourself she having some now or can nor yours this its only has their s no themselves before off t in each for these s and there will her in very after same against our down each each above it how more is their been the himself by where we in what an itself between for why now yours more there other doing more don because himself but by has that been herself where here before any after my when while only this yours her have any i into just having been me down if ourselves himself during the has has were out a themselves these why to more myself had was these that have out doing being has few after this between these himself some yourselves you their both again