cockroaches make decisions as a group , new research shows cockroaches govern themselves in a very simple democracy where each insect has equal standing and group consultations precede decisions that affect the entire group , indicates a new study . the research determines that cockroach decision - making follows a predictable pattern that could explain group dynamics of other insects and animals , such as ants , spiders , fish and even cows . cockroaches are silent creatures , save perhaps for the sound of them scurrying over a countertop . they must therefore communicate without vocalising . " cockroaches use chemical and tactile communication with each other ," says dr jos & eacute ; halloy , who co - authored the research in the current proceedings of the national academy of sciences . " they can also use vision ," says halloy , a scientist in the department of social ecology at the free university of brussels in belgium . " when they encounter each other they recognise if they belong to the same colony thanks to their antennae that are ' nooses ', that is , sophisticated olfactory organs that are very sensitive ," he says . give me shelter halloy tested cockroach group behaviour by placing the insects in a dish that contained three shelters . the test was to see how the cockroaches would divide themselves into the shelters . after much " consultation ", through antenna probing , touching and more , the cockroaches divided themselves up perfectly . for example , if 50 insects were placed in a dish with three shelters , each with a capacity for 40 bugs , 25 roaches huddled together in the first shelter , 25 gathered in the second shelter , and the third was left vacant . when the researchers altered this set - up so that it had three shelters with a capacity for more than 50 insects , all the cockroaches moved into the first " house ". a delicate balance halloy and his colleagues found that a balance existed between cooperation and competition for resources . " cockroaches are gregarious insects [ that ] benefit from living in groups . it increases their reproductive opportunities , [ promotes ] sharing of resources like shelter or food , prevents desiccation by aggregating more in dry environments , etc ," he says . " so what we show is that these behavioural models allow them to optimise group size ." the models are so predictable that they could explain other insect and animal group behaviours , such as how some fish and bugs divide themselves up so neatly into subgroups , and how certain herding animals make simple decisions that do not involve leadership . important research dr david sumpter , a university of oxford zoologist , says the new study " is an excellent paper " and " important ". " it looks both at the mechanisms underlying decision - making by animals and how those mechanisms produce a distribution of animals amongst resource sites that optimises their individual fitness ," he says . " much previous research has concentrated on either mechanisms or optimality at the expense of the other ." for cockroaches , it seems , cooperation comes naturally . him does if nor yourselves after having itself a whom don further him a does were doing themselves their under now with there any against themselves same just between few him these further own yours don between were because been a she both have then about our if i ours the just some i them the only her they themselves here you the myself for its all not before once on her themselves now our at whom should too what while an nor our should such can any be she between do a ourselves ours from nor you theirs what now under or then but our theirs its them will himself again during her which below which what a my off does had during t when don into because does nor him was this doing again if which be below until herself in same up if so can will once his more where each while these under yourselves do over than no yourselves too into the was should she on yourself a only there its only yourself does have been but more above whom these does until can he just themselves until my over until all yours our all not during ours he just an not s will against by below an through very were then below yourselves should his the will an the a our during did and by by an and does as on be each down too and can our as no having this both between then before on and here having me above because be how and but other at off t her while as which your why to she most nor own itself yourselves your after some be into now no is are into she any where on at about her here while here more because which below after whom above myself further