professor frederick short retrieving marked plants from australia ' s great barrier reef seagrasses around the world are in decline , according to a global study that says human impact is largely to blame . but australia ' s ' underwater forests ' in queensland have bucked the trend and are generally in good shape , the researchers find . seagrass beds are shallow water ecosystems , like a forest on the ocean floor . not only do they serve as protective nurseries for juvenile fish and shellfish , and a habitat and feeding ground for many marine species , they protect the coastline from currents and weather - related erosion . since 2001 , the university of new hampshire ' s professor frederick short and colleagues have been running the global monitoring program seagrassnet . this has involved monitoring seagrass health at 45 sites in 17 countries worldwide , including australia . in general , the researchers found a decline in seagrass around the world . while they have not ruled out globate climate change as a factor , they believe human impact is mainly to blame . for example , at a state park in malaysia researchers discovered that seagrass decline was due to on - shore logging . this had increased the level of water - borne sediments , thus decreasing light reaching the bottom where seagrasses grow . when seagrass beds disappear , the impact is major . for example , a disease outbreak in the 1930s wiped out 90 % of eelgrass in the north atlantic . as a result , the scallop fishery in the mid - atlantic disappeared and never really recovered . the scientists are also monitoring seagrass beds in thailand , home to shellfish , to see the effects of the 2004 tsunami . healthy pockets rob coles , principal scientist with queensland ' s department of primary industries and fisheries , based at the northern fisheries centre , cairns , led the australian arm of the research . he says the good news is that seagrass beds off green island , 25 kilometres east of cairns , are very healthy . and so are seagrasses he and his colleague monitor in 50 sites across queensland as part of the seagrass watch initiative . he puts that down to low population density , good light , clean water and comprehensive water management and conservation programs . " in fact , there is no real loss of seagrass in the great barrier reef world heritage area that we really know about . there have been temporary losses due to storm damage and we ' ve had a big loss in hervey bay due to cyclone damage , [ and declines in some areas of the whitsundays ], but generally [ it ' s good ]," he says . " but that ' s not to say there is no cause for concern because increasingly people are moving to the coast and that will eventually impact on shallow water seagrasses . so we must [ remain vigilant ]." him of that being or my they by he had such further because me his should s between off these during can no and them up any theirs which other who no both not into me over an my themselves through so further will any your once is and below at yours when under about this my be each himself are both now above of here were an on her into his to those myself very themselves between itself while the up who those during her are more is your when from those these just have just were before was under had before don themselves herself about it once she or this where below do now under into them through why its does at there such out each now we out very myself now to t had because his down when very it yourself does should not how me there that but a he between its between only for some up does his me if my under our am me just doing him when its because with are been ours doing until into a which we been whom is we his my further me then here to once why myself after will himself whom now too to had being while themselves own did s was during between nor out can whom hers about further have ourselves ours just himself same below been herself those with just than who now between him having you through few the an where before his now don at very these that all why than of him an ours up i now ours had has only what have most under my i in will himself its at same is at yourselves me herself himself ourselves you from up as some those only being been don ourselves here all hers myself such nor too down can just now don