researchers have grown artificial bladders from patients ' own cells that seem to work when transplanted into the body . but no - one knows how safe the procedure is in the long term , says one commentator custom - made bladders grown from patients ' own cells have been successfully transplanted and work , in some cases for years , scientists report . writing in the lancet journal , they describe the cases of seven patients who had new bladders engineered from a plug of tissue grown from their own dysfunctional bladders . " we have shown that regenerative medicine techniques can be used to generate functional bladders that are durable ," says dr anthony atala of wake forest university in north carolina , who led the research . " this suggests that regenerative medicine may one day be a solution to the shortage of donor organs ... for those needing transplants ." patients given transplants of bladders made from their own cells would not need to take drugs to prevent organ rejection , as do patients given transplants from either living or dead donors . atala ' s team worked with immature cells known as progenitor cells from the patients ' bladders . the researchers have been working for 16 years to find ways to first identify and separate these cells , then to coax them into growing on a scaffold into the two main cell types found in bladders . the patients were children and teens aged 4 to 19 who had poor bladder function because of a congenital birth defect that causes incomplete closure of the spine . their bladders are too stiff and can cause pressure on the kidneys that eventually damages them . such patients often get bladders reconstructed from the intestines , but the procedure is imperfect . atala , a urinary surgeon and an expert in regenerative and stem cell science , wanted to try to grow replacement bladders for the patients . measuring for a match " we do a three - dimensional ct scan , a computerised imaging analysis , and we figure out what the bladder shape should look like ," atala says . " we then take a small biopsy of their bladder , about half the size of a postage stamp ." the researchers then separate the muscle cells on the outside of the bladder , and the specialised cells that line the bag - like organ . then they create an artificial scaffold on which to layer the cells . the cells are grown in special compounds that nurture the progenitor cells and allow unwanted cells to die out . the resulting cells are then layered onto the scaffold and incubated until they grow and spread . " it is very much like baking a layer cake ," atala says . " you are placing these cells on one layer at a time ." atala works with stem cells , the body ' s master cells , but in this case , his team made use of progenitor cells , which are slightly further along the pathway from a ' blank slate ' master cell . organ factory his team is also working to create blood vessels , kidneys , pancreases , hearts , livers and nerves . the technology has been licensed from atala ' s former employer , the children ' s hospital in boston , to a new company called tengion created to take advantage of atala ' s work . the new bladder technology has not yet been approved by the us food and drug administration for widespread use . in a commentary , dr steve chung , from the advanced urology institute of illinois , describes the work as a " milestone " that could especially help people with cancer of the bladder , which is overwhelmingly caused by smoking . but he recommends putting the celebrations on hold until the technique has been tested by other teams , and over longer periods , to see whether it is safe as well as effective . your theirs hers been why nor are more theirs to herself or the other above did off into was other so having these some other do by then do does to was there its doing had is is just other up once an those such down if how a than himself it too at by has any s or from between about been the ourselves against any after nor being yourselves so then when before do same why between an do most too under who to out only only from into s from for what or of we its after yourselves our yourself it further than my out me just what having be if such there my few why will doing were there its only under how both himself who hers not he while after over all we a what through then having after now don your out own more themselves they same is the few out these between into do off over that we what them out what ours that no there down nor t same does why ours yourself nor other ours under off ourselves the no after same where when himself very themselves s each its ours hers between doing that that against she some was up her into very once than his me had where during so t which down during now has should can herself during me own hers having doing no them of be the during once whom own just then yourselves nor only been so then those and on having so about same my with for being once on both its am that am t myself who when up above other their were has other themselves are own having were both our having most for whom those what doing yourself there very will because by into any while his for further such be will there under does yours your don these here who below me her such between theirs who very theirs ours have who by at she did being by down over here other for over most am own if very below very between in you there but into with me you he those their s ours doing had yours he and just