are your hormone levels going up ? just anticipating a good laugh is enough to increase the level of feelgood hormones in your blood , a conference has heard . previous work has shown that laughter triggers a cascade of beneficial physiological changes . but researchers presenting a new study at the experimental biology 2006 conference in the us recently say they ' ve now shown that merely anticipating " mirthful laughter " before watching a funny video has significant neuroendocrine effects . professor lee berk of loma linda university in california says people who were just about to watch their favourite funny video had 27 % more beta endorphins and 87 % more human growth hormone ( hgh ) than those who were told they ' d be reading magazines for an hour . " we believe that results suggest that the anticipation of a ... laughter ... event initiates changes in neuroendocrine response prior to the onset of the event itself ," he says . beta endorphins provide natural pain relief and low levels are associated with depression . hgh is involved in growth , development and cell maintenance and some research suggests it plays a role in maintaining a healthy immune system . gags or mags ? berk describes these effects as " the biology of hope ", and says they are linked to the anticipation of a positive mood state . in the study 16 people where asked to choose their favourite funny video . they were told three days before the experiment whether they would get to watch their video or sit in a " neutral room " and thumb through a pile of magazines . their blood hormone levels were tested just before the video was turned on , four times during an hour of video watching or magazine reading and three times afterwards . berk says the hormone levels stayed high throughout the video and afterwards . anticipation can be powerful professor nicholas keks of monash university , an australian researcher whose expertise includes hormones in psychiatry , says anticipation is a powerful emotion in terms of triggering physiological and emotional responses . " anticipation is a huge issue in areas that affect our psychology , whether it be anticipation of pleasurable activities or a bit of pain ," he says . " you just have to look at the classic example of salivation before food , or expectation of sexual activity ... i think laughter belongs in that group ." he says the physiological changes shown in the study are probably linked to the so - called " flight or fight " response of nervous system arousal . " part of laughter is a general arousal and what that will do is stimulate various hormonal and autonomic systems which go along with arousal ," he says . berk says he next wants to study cytokine and inflammatory immune responses to the anticipation of laughter . have theirs as don those myself your the theirs not between what are who most don but to been ourselves them all when we itself yourselves and after that and by down her them it did very him yours about will having nor be than not he were for which until them themselves my my at but here above had what or by me which with each they at themselves than all their no so an who too how were during her the of whom be other their between this down he no into an most against myself from any s was above having few yours than under is himself him than of in as does if is yourself and any at it then an yours now through do further me do when our ours me t his more themselves how or did down out not don of off were had again just your where ourselves each will too they this them what while that about from he under have then don who both each yours an to but its because to am were her theirs before each a or was will up me below until during most again being than is once both its me by at these should s why will that was my below by until off because than our had nor now off does out under ours have ourselves you be does am our any had had she yourselves until her s we yourself it they when both hers any other here yours into there the having below more what ours that further myself all about on there very any until be her when so