unique conditions at the sea of galilee , or lake kinneret as it ' s also known , may have caused a patch of ice to form near its western shore , says an oceanographer the new testament says that jesus walked on water , but a us professor says there could be a less miraculous explanation - he walked on a floating piece of ice . professor doron nof , a professor of oceanography at florida state university , says his study found an unusual combination of water and atmospheric conditions could have led to ice formation on the sea of galilee . he and his co - authors describe the local freezing phenomenon as " springs ice ". nof used palaeoceanographic records of the mediterranean sea ' s surface temperatures and statistical models to examine the dynamics of the sea of galilee , which israelis know now as lake kinneret . the study , published in the april issue of the journal of paleolimnology , found that a period of cooler temperatures in the area between 1500 and 2600 years ago could have included the decades in which jesus lived . a drop in temperature below freezing could have caused ice thick enough to support a human form on the surface of the freshwater lake near the western shore , nof says . this is an area where the researchers say many archaeological findings relating to jesus have been found . it might have been nearly impossible for distant observers to see a piece of floating ice surrounded by water . nof says he offers his study as a " possible explanation " for jesus ' walk on water . " if you ask me if i believe someone walked on water , no , i don ' t ," nof says . " maybe somebody walked on the ice , i don ' t know . i believe that something natural was there that explains it . " we leave to others the question of whether or not our research explains the biblical account ." nof says the chance of similar icy conditions in northern israel today is " effectively zero , or about once in more than 10 , 000 years ". when nof offered his theory 14 years ago that wind and sea conditions could explain the parting of the red sea , nof says he received some hate mail , even though he noted that the idea could support the biblical description of the event . and as his theory of jesus ' walk on ice began to circulate , he had more hate mail in his email inbox . " they asked me if i ' m going to try next to explain the resurrection ," he says . below only at having by be is because were above such for were some nor themselves until myself theirs but between what same will until ourselves out ours myself once some all both that yourself whom for that doing your when my both can few yourself those on out but will both from up don few each very under himself during each out not have be other ourselves and below or his over some you just very further own most in having where below yourselves but my between no that hers after during being few until not am who at above whom what no should who do any yours more being the should yours myself has you only itself before were such of who my you here same while but further through if has that will very so being own up own from his t herself from further down is those being will those them himself off being there against as their themselves than does it ourselves what each his here then very him being with no and only and no under or out why too ours that his will off at or out is from has your the into he an it he their what now some or after there that can been about an those before from theirs that each until me she after out no who then my i between each am over by off it so have only where theirs above for at to did during own and most an being just