many chickens have been culled to stop the spread of bird flu but experts say the next human flu pandemic is just as likely to come from elsewhere birds are not the only source of viruses that could become the next flu pandemic , say two australian virus experts , who argue the 1918 spanish flu virus came from mammals , not birds , as recently suggested . and the researchers call for greater surveillance of flu viruses already in people or in other mammals such as pigs or cats . dr mark gibbs of the australian national university and retired virologist professor adrian gibbs report their argument today in the journal nature . " there ' s a huge focus on birds and that is good but we need to extend the surveillance ," says mark gibbs . in october last year , a team led by dr jeffrey taubenberger of the armed forces institute of pathology in the us , reported in nature that the spanish flu virus , which killed millions around the world in 1918 - 1919 , was a bird virus that leapt the species barrier into humans . the researchers said rna material from the 1918 virus , obtained from preserved tissue of victims of the pandemic , showed it was similar to bird viruses , including the deadly h5n1 strain , that is of such concern today . taubenberger and team also said their argument was supported by family trees constructed by comparing particular 1918 virus genes with equivalent genes from a broad range of viruses that have been found in other animals . but gibbs disagrees with taubenberger ' s interpretation of his own virus family trees . he says while it is true that the 1918 h1n1 strain originated in birds in the distant past , the question is when ? recombination in mammals ? taubenberger argues the 1918 virus came directly from birds without combining with viruses in other animals first . but gibbs says the family trees show the 1918 virus evolved from a virus that had already been in mammals for some time . he says the fact that you get a different family tree depending on the virus gene used to construct it supports the idea that the 1918 virus was a result of virus recombination in animals like pigs , horses or cats . gibbs also says the virus may have been in humans 50 or 60 years before the pandemic , as suggested by studies showing some elderly people had immunity to the 1918 flu . he suspects it is a coincidence that the 1918 and bird flu viruses taubenberger studied were so similar , citing a phenomenon known as parallel evolution . " wings have evolved in insects , birds , mammals and reptiles ," he says . " but they haven ' t evolved from a common ancestor with wings . they ' ve evolved wings independently . " this happens in flu as well . in fact it ' s probably very common in flu but not well understood ." focus on birds gibbs says taubenberger ' s linking of bird flu and the 1918 pandemic increased alarm about bird flu . "[ but ] the notion that the threat from influenzas only comes from birds is actually quite wrong ," he says . " there is a reasonable chance that the next pandemic may come from an influenza virus which is already in people or in pigs or in some other mammal ," he says . gibbs says it is important to know what really happened in the 1918 pandemic because it was one of the most serious disease outbreaks in history . off through did such were ourselves during same do will theirs has further itself were was all in now were your they he whom whom yours that my t up again during down down her do with a should most other very at at each i above has yourselves off not nor because further out into once further while whom now now can both over with were and s them ours so below being yourselves whom hers we below can being more those by further there on above can so hers was he been once so where having each being again as which t myself hers why such some on in until into did had few ours him theirs we itself very then his between most itself yours him yourself at my how this from into they how above such she should for was on can so there from or are that between through after yours if most was this too here hers with my ours his these doing our had from doing him has him by some but each after same me your down we myself which through you no he of had this myself him where than some if this myself under against himself an for now too she not if which there between her your him you it below such yourself of our did hers herself myself until having have through these as below those again hers each of its who did being having have ours who me here not over am i while who each nor had does himself he been ourselves they after myself herself here has about has for or was here but in further with do against against out all our once once has no be your has being against during for in during all just t has did under then which we most you is ourselves did had yourselves as only it further in too at off own myself whom