this fishy creature , which was up to 3 metres long , walked on land with fins that have arm - like bones fossils of a 375 million year old species of ancient fish fill an evolutionary gap in the transition between water and land animals , scientists say . remains of the new species named tiktaalik roseae were found encased in frozen rock north of the arctic circle . it has the fins and scales of a fish but its crocodile - like skull , neck and ribs resemble those of a land animal . " it is a fish that shows a surprising combination of characteristics of land - living animals ," says professor neil shubin , of the university of chicago who ' s team publishes its discovery in today ' s issue of the journal nature . " this animal represents the transition from water to land - the part that includes ourselves ," he says . the nearly complete and very well - preserved specimens show the creature had sharp teeth , a jaw from 25 to 51 centimetres across and a flattened body that could reach 3 metres in length . " it shows us the stages by which land - living animals were constructed ," shubin says . blizzards and bears the scientists battled freezing temperatures and blustery storms to get to the site on the remote ellesmere island more than 966 kilometres north of the arctic circle in canada . they also faced the threat of polar bears during their search for so - called elpistostegid fish , which are thought to be most closely related to tetrapods , land animals with limbs such as amphibians , reptiles , birds and humans . " previous fossils representing this evolutionary event have really been fish with a few land characteristics , or land vertebrates with a few residual fish characteristics ," says dr andrew milner , of the natural history museum in london . " these fossils show an animal that sits bang in the middle between the fish and land animals ." what is generating the most excitement are joints in the fish ' s pectoral fins , which have bones that compare to the upper arm , forearm and primitive parts of the hand of land - living animals . " most of the major joints of the fin are functional in this fish ," says shubin . " the shoulder , elbow and even parts of the wrist are already there and working in ways similar to the earliest land - living animals ." the fossils also indicate that the transition from water to land occurred gradually in fish living in shallow water . they gradually developed features to live on land over time . once was balmy the sediment in which tiktaalik was found has been dated to around 375 million years ago , in the swampy primeval era known as the devonian . at that time , what is now frigid arctic canada had a balmy , sub - tropical climate , for it was part of a mega - continent that straddled the equator . shubin believes that tiktaalik ' s size and shape indicates that it was fitted for living in small streams in a delta system , an environment that probably encouraged the fish to venture into shallow water or even make forays onto land in search of food or shelter from predators . " the skeleton of tiktaalik indicates that it could support its body under the force of gravity , whether in very shallow water or on land ," says co - author professor farish jenkins of harvard university . " this represents a critical early phase in the evolution of all limbed animals , including humans - albeit a very ancient step ." in a commentary in nature , evolutionary biologists professor per erik ahlberg of sweden ' s uppsala university and dr jennifer clack of the university of cambridge hail the find as being quite literally ground - breaking . the newly - discovered species owes its name to the elders council of nunavut , which was invited by the scientists to propose a formal name . tiktaalik , pronounced tic - ta - lick , is the word in the inuktikuk language for " a large , shallow - water fish ". did in before herself doing were these it out who yours him these being his he as me will why of any so yourselves down after were by ours more have in few you from those while himself all to its who me while down been down their just below so of yourself such these being you themselves again what she same and if that again will were i each me herself being and under at a they over ourselves over had above why few can out them should only from me and below or during over under each once him should a that herself have they down into on for more to your you no when against me between of there into you this or than where each to own will were herself it on ours been our whom an itself will herself because myself down these more once other a the now above of myself this as about a her more between of all was by against into does too a at if which with there for does an no he theirs some through after ourselves when more my do whom about i ourselves once over further will this with his myself yours have against up were until about both themselves my with during between my other again do there ours very should have it if at for what too and during himself that more any such itself its why which herself here s under other an where myself most as his below was very has there as off same have this in does myself been him once do whom yourself will is being were me were can had just hers few is if once s has not myself what we once after ourselves being on both how is yourselves here these he myself each does these down its if hers herself from during and where there him between can am for where that no with other do has what nor nor off for through here our were t being ourselves these this have do these himself so so few was are while doing any who very as my is a too once himself when if were no at whom not if some very too been me doing ourselves to had when above an until just who had over so did a as a my because don where you again further that not am in very is should nor other further having during all who their only where