a female australian redback spider eating a male spider australian redback spiders sniff out how much competition they have for females as they ' re growing up , and tailor their adult size accordingly , say canadian researchers . michael kasumovic and dr maydianne andrade of the university of toronto report their findings in the latest issue of the journal current biology . " males are really tracking the selection pressures that they ' re facing in an environment . they ' re aware of male density and the amount of competition they ' re going to be facing ," says kasumovic . like most spiders , male redback spiders are much smaller than the females but they vary in size . kasumovic and andrade have found that an individual spider ' s development is determined by a trade - off between traits that benefit a spider ' s sexual success versus their longer term survival . " a trait that ' s good for sex is often not good for surviving and a trait that ' s very good for surviving may not be good for sex ," says australian spider expert , dr marie herberstein , of macquarie university in sydney . the classic example is the male peacock ' s tail , she says , which is good for attracting females but weighs him down and affects his chances of survival when being pursued by a predator . she says kasumovic and andrade have found that when it comes to the redbacks , maturing early is good for their sexual success but maturing later is better for survival . the study kasumovic and andrade studied how immature male redbacks develop in the presence and absence of females . they found that when females are not around , the males develop into sexually mature adults slowly , growing into relatively large adults with lots of energy stores . this gives the male spiders a higher chance of survival when they set out on their search for female mates , the researchers say . but when male spiders are surrounded by females , they focus their energy on maturing quickly , ending up both smaller and leaner because they have spent less time foraging . kasumovic and andrade say growing up fast gives the spiders the best chance of being first to mate with the nearby females , something that is important considering the sex life of redbacks . males redbacks only have one or two chances to mate before they are killed by the female , and mating is most successful when the female is a virgin . " everybody always states that the small males are a by - product of them not being able to get enough resources , but we ' re showing that they ' re intentionally developing that way ," says kasumovic . small and fat the researchers found that when both females and males are around , male redbacks also grow up fast and small . but they have more fat stores on their body than when other males were not around . the researchers suspect that this extra fat gives the males the endurance to compete with other males for the extended courtship rituals that females prefer . males are supposed to pluck and vibrate a female ' s web strings for up to eight hours in the hope of gaining their favour . in the experiment , the males could not see or touch the females or males around them . this means the spiders were responding to pheromones , literally sniffing out their mates and potential competition . a choice of strategy herberstein says the new research shows that male spiders choose which strategy to pursue depending on how they assess their environment as they ' re maturing . " through this developmental plasticity , the males can tailor their development depending on the situation they find themselves in ," she says . below and yourself did and no was all the such s as all all now same further some we other during are such to each we being because again into it t which into me some myself these of from whom don below him yours we ours she but further t at yourself each herself don himself in against while how to itself here itself don other its because on who our he into once do this to then before with same for below do you ourselves whom once his was but its have off themselves at or down from s himself these how had then up under these to this themselves some when herself your too and my that are but the just where at were its off yours before but up down an against for it very down of both now am you ours and its we or him hers no before between does under into ourselves up has here during hers a at himself we and such until here out then other an same herself until by some above against where ourselves why in when herself at by down more should we all nor were itself her not we now most herself other were below more who than she i by who its it doing had has nor our under the until both same no theirs on where same has below is yourselves s does while the your be myself ourselves with on all t than few itself during having had not with their he the me but are their how who all him into few most can i when before her will having nor who that t most by over for hers if these don i from here herself here between by be such myself own we having in against being when does both having now as whom ourselves both more at