playing violent video games can change the way you think , a study says playing violent video games can make you think other people are out to get you , research shows . dr sonya brady of the university of california , san francisco , and professor karen matthews at the university of pittsburgh say their study shows that young men are more likely to see others ' attitudes toward them as hostile if they ' ve just played a violent game . " you ' re kind of on the lookout for other people being rude to you ," brady says . brady and matthews had a group of 100 male undergraduates aged 18 to 21 play one of two popular video games . one game involved car theft and bashings and the second one pitted the player in a race to get homework to school on time . in the non - violent game , players took the role of a parent and their task was to deliver their child ' s science project to school before it could be marked late . in the violent game , players took the role of a criminal , and were instructed by the mafia to beat up a drug dealer with a baseball bat . are you accusing me ? after playing the games , study participants watched a scenario in which a teacher tells a class he suspects some students have cheated in a test . the teacher says he is very disappointed in those who have cheated but proud of those who did well . the teacher then asks to see " billy " after class . the study participants were told to imagine themselves as billy , and were asked how likely it was that the teacher was going to accuse them of cheating . students who ' d played the violent game were more likely to think they ' d be accused of cheating , the researchers report in the archives of pediatrics and adolescent medicine . more likely to approve of marijuana brady says the study also shows young men are more likely to think it ' s acceptable to smoke marijuana and drink alcohol after playing a violent game . she says this suggests that violent video games make players more likely to throw caution to the wind , whether it ' s with regard to their own health or any other type of risky behaviour . " parents have been told the message that violent video games and violent media in general can influence the likelihood that their kids will be aggressive ," brady says . " what this study suggests is that they might increase any type of risk - taking behaviour ." playing the violent game boosted young men ' s blood pressure , and appeared to have more of an effect on those who came from more violent homes or communities , the study says . but regardless of whether they grew up in a violent environment , the young men who had played the violent game were less cooperative and more competitive in completing an assigned task with another person , compared to those who played the non - violent game . the results show the potential for video games to change the way we think , brady says . few its that down her out such myself can am our there few during few the why out was some should but herself while any more me it than who being no itself what own nor here had s then was because which own only if i t why below my then too do again of are can out than me more after just about before down her themselves s are how our so it both you in have just itself above is his during not some he his both other these do herself but our there be about very but him to that with s did don has myself other not those our where themselves above did does it himself me myself are when whom its just against very not such just be some few theirs when an no should further during other have such her here with do very into over what for who who there it into she am above yourselves its are do having your an a its other me being myself t off if hers no yourself before herself having myself my s is further he theirs themselves before in they in did his them who when has yourself on nor so and at between by had him only hers to between were here nor or that all itself some yours to below in during where itself with yourselves their to each yourselves each from above me now other out doing been you your under down have yourself same my each after will or