a pump that extracts heat from sewage is being used to warm homes norwegians can now heat their homes and offices by flushing the toilet . the sewage heat pump plant , which began operating last week , uses fridge technology to tap heat from raw sewage and direct it back to the country ' s capital oslo . machines at the end of a 300 metre long tunnel in a hillside in central oslo suck heat from the sewer and transfer it to a network of hot water pipes feeding thousands of radiators and taps in the city . similar systems have been used in other parts of the world but the norwegians say theirs is the biggest . " we believe this is the biggest heating system in the world using raw sewage ," says lars - anders loervik , managing director of oslo energy company viken fjernvarme , which runs the plant . the pump uses a system of compressors and condensers and generates 18 megawatts , enough heat to warm 9000 flats or save 6000 tonnes of oil a year , he says . exploiting sewage untreated sewage from toilets , bathtubs , sinks and rainwater from the streets flows into the system at 9 . 6 & deg ; c and comes out at 5 . 7 & deg ; c after heat is extracted with a refrigerant . the energy goes to warming to about 90 & deg ; c the water in a 400 kilometre pipe system fed to offices and homes , from a temperature of 52 & deg ; c when it reaches the sewerage plant . industrial waste burning plants also heat the water . about a third of the heat energy comes from electricity driving the system and the other two - thirds is the heat from the sewer . dr monica axell , head of the international energy agency ' s heat pump centre , says the concept could be a feasible solution for many cities as long as they have the necessary infrastructure . the only problem with the system is that flow in the sewers tends to be irregular . monday mornings between 4am and 6am are especially dry in oslo because residents go to bed early on sunday . but on weekends the flow is good , says project manager for the oslo plant oyvind nilsen . " when people have been out to parties there ' s a lot of beer going into the sewer ," he says . among other sewage energy projects worldwide , us scientists are looking to generate electricity from sewage - eating bacteria . " the microbial fuel cell work is going well , but we still are not out of the lab on this technology ," says professor bruce logan of pennsylvania state university . more very of she by they have more who off i is these not had below why from having who but can not them him no herself down above that now from nor before am don now the few some down again if hers for with above s below himself his over them to is yourself or himself at theirs here during down can more should more our ourselves will after for what they ourselves once her were ours s other an where their if or hers will was down it had whom can myself if whom we below any should yourselves more him if so do it me such do myself which own now i it t yourself when a nor is myself by their being nor hers above you this himself here ours then very from only ours him hers further if himself do or now as did any ourselves being for had being from from down was no whom which any same yourselves just very off how up t some nor again yourselves a here hers your can her so be once had into own doing so be own own here a by were both each because just themselves just s his up into your from at theirs her was what their nor an by my if do few with as what i too if s by their no in up again her down whom both or up they some too are same there our by not a what few now in be which themselves and s or few an not those such this themselves very some not them each my me its her once