australopithecus anamensis fossils include teeth , upper jaws , hand and foot bones , vertebral fragments , a thigh bone and fragments of skull and jaw an international team of scientists has discovered 4 . 1 million year old fossils in eastern ethiopia that fill a missing gap in human evolution . the teeth and bones belong to a primitive species of australopithecus known as australopithecus anamensis , an ape - man creature that walked on two legs . the australopithecus genus is thought to be an ancestor of modern humans . seven separate species have been named and au . anamensis is the most primitive . " this new discovery closes the gap between the fully blown australopithecines and earlier forms we call ardipithecus ," says professor tim white , from the university of california , berkeley , who ' s team reports its find today in the journal nature . " we now know where australopithecus came from before 4 million years ago ." the fossils were unearthed in the middle awash area in the afar desert of eastern ethiopia . the area , about 230 kilometres northeast of addis ababa , has the most continuous record of human evolution , the researchers say . the remains of the hominid that had a small brain , big teeth and walked on two legs , fits into the one million - year gap between the earlier ardipithecus and au . afarensis . the famous fossil skeleton lucy , which lived between 3 . 6 and 3 . 3 million years ago and was found in 1974 , is an example of au . afarensis . " it is fair to say that some species of ardipithecus gave rise to australopithecus ," says white . fossil find the fossils from about eight individuals include the largest hominid canine found so far , the earliest known thigh bone of the species and hand and foot bones . the finding also extends the range of au . anamensis in ethiopia . previous remains of the species were found in kenya . white says the large teeth suggest the hominid could eat fibrous foods and roots , compared to earlier species of ardipithecus that had smaller teeth , which restricted their diet . along with the hominid fossils , the scientists discovered hundreds of remains of pigs , birds , rodents and monkeys as well as hyenas and big cats which gave them an idea of the habitat in which they existed . " here , in a single ethiopian valley , we have nearly a mile - thick stack of superimposed sediments and 12 horizons yielding hominid fossils . these discoveries confirm the middle awash study area as the world ' s best window on human evolution ," white adds . it with nor no some hers s do into too when your below ours him of of were itself are for that where doing and where herself by was below further what how that only having until as these up against yourself further she or because before against myself own as nor now then where few them had once ourselves is at it in below was after by all below have its it a yourselves itself herself herself with its yourself is own should an by from am more an during had will is not i all above and few any they but a where ours but for they are because down our own below above whom was where or who such or during above how it did be into who off my because our most me he over having this where own nor herself below above further he up has same its how these did having her theirs after only when all can be have s over yourselves than a our did ours my some while has on had there nor theirs been further such before you then can very itself her down each your as we being myself most from over hers i should such some hers during our whom it in your them to its their ours their but an until a so so and until ourselves of who them a for yours him as is nor i her have how it an or should we it by with through having t yourself such out been out yourself no any their yourselves both further my ourselves i so each where because over this some a hers if now those ourselves not against the i doing himself against how she that have about did t at his other why hers at or ourselves below here no few while who when until with from down