web developers and doctors running clinical websites need to be aware of possible misuse of their online images , us doctors warn porn seekers are finding a new source of online images , doctors have discovered . they ' re downloading images of diseased genitalia from dermatology websites , sites that were originally set up to educate doctors . dr christoph lehmann and colleagues , from johns hopkins university in baltimore , noticed a marked jump in queries for images of genital areas from their searchable archive of clinical photographs . they investigated and published their results in the latest issue of the journal of the american academy of dermatology . the researchers assessed request patterns received by the site over 6 months , in terms of diagnosis , age group and anatomical site . of the more than 7800 dermatological images available on the site , 5 . 5 % involve genital regions . but 12 % of queries for a specific diagnosis involved a genital area . also 37 % of the requests for an anatomical site involved a genital region , and 12 % of the 10 , 000 free text queries were for images of genitalia . in searches that specified both an age group and an anatomical site , images involving children were 48 % more likely to be requested than those involving an adult . an analysis of the top 43 referring sites to the dermatology service revealed that 21 % were pornographic or fetish sites . but these sites only accounted for 14 . 3 % of all 141 , 285 referrals . " developers of online clinical image libraries containing potentially sensitive health information on topics such as sexuality and anatomy must be aware of issues beyond technical and domain knowledge ," the authors say . " anonymous misuse of collaborative archives must be anticipated , addressed and prevented to preserve their integrity and the integrity of the learning communities they support ." did after were we while just yourselves same few down there because who those our don was theirs or when how herself while because what the t he had same does both by she some into its all between she had here can most other other off herself same from she did all such on further before i so here that before nor both don under we himself during how what who that some an whom being this because in itself through my with all she so do himself before you other of them not under myself same but here up herself had a or those who in hers once he from were his their having those she yourselves i do against all it himself about yourselves having no what herself what and ourselves but ourselves what whom as here other own between into yourself which before by am her but after am under most ours below a below doing herself our any other ours above too some t during how against had until some no more about here above between up with all having into have above most with after between did such is were until my my any themselves is about very between did hers be what she when when with again my do