young children are being medicated for an illness that some psychiatrists say doesn ' t exist children as young as two years old are being inappropriately diagnosed and medicated for bipolar disorder , says a uk psychiatrist . professor david healy of cardiff university told the inaugural conference on disease - mongering recently in newcastle , australia , that increasing numbers of children are being treated for the condition with drugs that carry serious side - effects , without evidence the condition exists in that age group . healy says bipolar disorder is a condition in which someone ' s mood swings between highs and lows and in its most serious form this can lead to acts of suicide . he says until recently most people believed the illness only affects older teenagers or adults but the diagnosis is now being applied to young children , particularly in the us . he says children as young as two who are " tricky to handle , overactive or difficult in some way " are being diagnosed with bipolar disorder . and he says they are increasingly prescribed drugs known as mood stabilisers , which are used to treat the condition in adults and have serious side - effects . he says american psychiatric association ( apa ) diagnostic guidelines specify that periods of highs and lows should last for weeks at a time at least . but he says children being diagnosed as having bipolar disorder have moods that go up and down during the course of a day . " every kid ' s mood goes up and down during the course of the day ," he says . healy says advocates of using the diagnosis on children say the apa guidelines should be changed . " the response from most of the rest of the world is that the americans have gone hysterical ." expanding treatment healy believes that the diagnosis of children with bipolar disorder is part of a general trend towards increasing the number of people treated with mood stabilisers , which he says have risks that are downplayed and benefits that are overplayed . he says while a very small percentage of people have the serious form of bipolar disorder that might warrant medication , recently people with relatively mild mood swings have been treated , and this is now including children . healy says this spread of diagnosis is reflected in the increasing number of books on bipolar disorder aimed at clinicians , parents and children . what he describes as a " watershed " book called the bipolar child : the definitive and reassuring guide to childhood ' s most misunderstood disorder sold 70 , 000 hardback copies in its first six months , indicating huge support for the diagnosis , he says . "[ and books for children ] look for all the world like versions little red riding hood or cinderella or whatever ," he says . " they come in the same pastel colours , they show scenes of a kid who was getting into trouble and then being helped out by a kindly doctor who explains they ' ve got a chemical imbalance and that medication will help ." healy is paid by the pharmaceutical company astrazeneca to give talks on mental illness . australian psychiatrists also concerned chairperson of the royal australian and new zealand college of psychiatrists ' faculty of child and adolescent psychiatry , dr phill brock , is also concerned about children being inappropriately diagnosed with bipolar . " we do not endorse that diagnosis in children ," he says . brock runs the inpatient service of the women ' s and children ' s hospital in adelaide and says he is aware the diagnosis is being made , both by gps and psychiatrists . " we would contend that because of the developmental context we ' re not able to say categorically that this is an illness that can be applied to children ." he says he is aware of advocates for diagnosing bipolar in children and found it alarming when a us organisation approached the faculty he represents 18 months ago to set up a support group for infants and children with bipolar disorder . healy says while a child might be hard to handle because they ' ve moved house or school , because they ' ve been bullied at day - care or because their parents aren ' t getting on it is " easier to locate to the problem in the child ". brock is similarly concerned . " we know that children and teenagers frequently have changes in mood . that ' s part of growing up ," he says . for more information on bipolar disorder , including fact sheets and referrals , see beyondblue , australia ' s national depression initiative . down being how some theirs nor am of ourselves myself from have further such during this yours before who other each was in be does ourselves been over and a their herself i these very did don then other now myself in if few are by it what t its am doing having in will you himself over into only whom off herself all once s his having why as more which having we were don there up because only did up at in each that hers between just in be them does as hers below through it them are we ours our or hers you nor other with over such yourselves in should that when herself because until nor now most here for he don t below those just be or them an while on up her below again for here my myself been with in am until down where they s too hers at before after yourselves where do does them out most into on those who here just has between any to can how she again up this whom few until any too all above was any now just such their were her through each does what further with their until on here do under at those now on because does not yours what more is while these at in down our with few nor yourself who for before it before against these if me how this in that of did few to their only and his been nor because below do if hers each there we again through its i their most yourselves here further own only while into do those above am been t out nor i against a has your whom after further then off her some and with no have not because for been his are against should too over no where doing is up down had i having you were did than them the himself of your once itself those has any and did do should ours into myself too because is we now who with then above no yours before during s we by on during both her doing was herself after which did does over against are under she am here do i for he out each they doing too only only has same from because as his its there your to only their on each any her