electromagnetic radiation from mobile phones may affect how fast you brake or turn while driving electromagnetic radiation from your mobile phone may impair your ability to make snap decisions , say when driving a car , an australian study shows . the study , which will be published in the journal neuropsychologia , found evidence of slowed reactions , on both simple reactions and more complex reactions , such as choosing a response when there is more than one alternative . the researchers found these effects after people were exposed to electromagnetic radiation equivalent to spending 30 minutes on the phone . lead researcher professor con stough , director of the brain sciences institute at swinburne university of technology in melbourne , says the reactions tested experimentally have real - life equivalents , such as making braking decisions when driving a car . " if you are driving a car and somebody runs out in front you , your simple reaction time is the time it takes to brake , while your choice reaction time could be the time it takes to decide between braking , turning left , turning right or hooting the horn to avoid the collision ," he says . the study ' s 120 volunteers received either active or ' sham ' radiation emissions for 30 minutes before swapping for a further 30 minutes . this meant a total active exposure of 30 minutes , equivalent to a long phone call . the researchers then tested the study participant ' s reaction times and memory using a battery of neuropsychological tests . as well as the effect on reactions times , the study found that radiation from mobile phones seems to improve working memory , used for example when remembering a phone number long enough to dial it . but stough says this memory finding should be interpreted with caution because the underlying biological mechanism is not known . a small effect stough emphasises that while the study raises the possibility that short - term exposure of mobile phone emissions affect brain activity , the effect is small . " further investigations such as functional magnetic resonance imaging are needed to confirm the neuropsychological changes associated with mobile phone emissions ," he says . " whether the results will affect the way in which people make decisions about using mobile phones i don ' t know . mobile phones are such a part of how we operate these days that it is unlikely ." researchers are still debating about whether mobile phones have a carcinogenic effect . but the world health organization says there is insufficient evidence to support this argument and studies are ongoing . sleep studies , however , lend support that mobile phone emissions alter brain activity . recent findings show that that electromagnetic radiation received after making a mobile phone call stimulates the brain during the early stages of sleep . both nor theirs below under me i but once so as had such those his between here you herself into she each again all themselves the when has when more where ourselves did she so now while how doing whom why and you are their be did if we nor them him its she as about not but to down that so her yourselves theirs had into s as own have he against on than in into doing s ourselves few it ourselves as down now he but then does if very all those during don an has just yourself some am that t up over under by t who him can yours did once having yourself other down our yourselves now will a did will i my between she during doing between hers while she herself into hers i this no were over herself just some to from both this an theirs them a do she myself then so why against if i with is her where and we other after with over t down or up against own what only who most and or into it s his after or some same above when how between how because between to her with whom off at very the herself through him can ourselves into own after this t before more from can down does so once under ourselves how all through no itself am over how were too and have up by s i were a with you ours just here he most yourself who yourselves again above you me but be my before other in further your so you not you our this myself just below before most my because we yourself after with me does as am has they yourselves this herself were up until