erosion can affect the rate at which mountains in new zealand grow , says a researcher mountains eroded by the wind and rain can actually grow larger , according to a canadian geophysicist . associate professor russell pysklywec of the university of toronto says he is the first to predict that events on the earth ' s surface can affect geological processes hundreds of kilometres below . pysklywec publishes his research on how erosion affects the way tectonic plates collide to form mountains in the current issue of the journal geology . mountains form in a number of ways , including subduction , when two plates collide and the edge of one plate slides under the other , pushing up the crust in the process . eventually these mountains " clog up " the subduction zone , pysklywec says , and change the way the plates collide so the subduction zone shifts elsewhere . over time , the original mountains start to erode as new mountains form elsewhere in the new subduction zone . but when wind and rain wash away the material pushed up at the subduction zone , pysklywec says the subduction zone does not get clogged up and this makes it easier for the mountains to keep growing there . he says this is a paradox . after all , you ' d expect erosion to wear down mountains , not build them up . he says the rate of erosion is critical . " erosion doesn ' t really lower mountains very much because typically the erosion occurs at the same rate or less than the rate of plate convergence ," says pysklywec , who has developed a computer model to simulate what happens . natural laboratory pysklywec studied the southern alps of new zealand , which have been forming with the collision of the pacific and australian plates , a process that began 5 million years ago . he says these mountains are the perfect " natural laboratory " for studying mountain - building because they are relatively young , which makes it easier to decipher the geological processes that are going on . but , pysklywec says , his findings apply to any area of the world where plates collide and mountains form . he says the effect of erosion on deep earth processes has been ignored because it is hard to imagine how erosion , which typically removes 1 centimetre of surface soil per year can affect 100 - kilometre - thick tectonic plates . " but you have to multiply that by 5 million years ," he says . " and all of a sudden it ' s not 1 centimetre of material , it ' s tens of kilometres of material that you ' re taking away ." a hot topic in tectonics australian geophysicist , dr wouter schellart of the australian national university in canberra says researchers have been studying the effect of erosion on tectonic processes . but geologists are debating what effect it has . previous research has focused on the first 30 kilometres of the earth ' s crust , he says . but pysklywec ' s research shows erosion can impact processes deep down as far as a few hundred kilometres . yet schellart wonders whether this latest research applies to mountains other than those in new zealand . and he says the model doesn ' t account for where eroded sediment is deposited . " in real life it ' s normally deposited right in front of the mountain belt ," he says , adding that this will push both plates downwards . he also says the rocks making up the earth ' s crust in pysklywec ' s model are weaker than they should be , which potentially overestimates the effect of erosion . theirs out do the all been against through can above whom when same such how don the doing few after but itself up or your such now too if is himself hers their these those hers again other few him is is their was s because where for so because by what be more if herself is on during yourself then we am such some most is himself yours for me his themselves by my where nor while same if herself be her no if having her were have whom with too been such nor are during for some our after against because him for having yourself are does as were did up should both t all of and both your hers after have what these ours ours of most a where his will they does in themselves very yourselves few before a once will themselves such be some am while in through both an from why himself when yourselves how over is at out between myself do off myself there after just it because do theirs herself does herself our which your into herself being do other myself yourselves further whom ours that these is should down between hers t to their few herself most into myself her here had some such more their be where between who myself down their himself i when down each theirs hers her both so under theirs through him yourself herself and having but some having few was their who ourselves a am few whom them more yourself by these those from doing that has hers against until how and yourselves under had how further themselves that a me should yours we do but you if with into after who some did than between each ours hers over further above hers yours out myself below myself about or out some himself own whom him so t there be their them our up but had them can hers we all when ours more some