choosing the racy red shoes over the sensible loafers relates to how your brain assigns values to items or goods can ' t choose between the racy red shoes and the sensible loafers ? scientists say this indecisiveness relates to how your brain cells assign values to different items . researchers at harvard medical school in boston have identified neurones that seem to play a role in how a person selects different items or goods . scientists have known that cells in different parts of the brain react to attributes such as colour , taste or quantity . now dr camillo padaoa - schioppa and associate professor john assad describe in the journal nature how neurones involved in assigning values help people to make choices . " the neurones we have identified encode the value individuals assign to the available items when they make choices based on subjective preferences , a behaviour called economic choice ," padoa - schioppa says . the scientists say this research is part of the emerging field of neuroeconomics . the scientists located the neurones in an area of the brain known as the orbitofrontal cortex ( ofc ) while studying macaque monkeys that had to choose between different flavours and quantities of juices . they correlated the animals ' choices with the activity of neurones in the ofc with the valued assigned to the different types of juices . some neurones would be highly active when the monkeys selected three drops of grape juice , for example , or 10 drops of apple juice . other neurones encoded the value of only the orange juice or grape juice . " the monkey ' s choice may be based on the activity of these neurones ," says padoa - schioppa . earlier research involving the ofc showed that lesions in the area seem to have an association with eating disorders , compulsive gambling and unusual social behaviour . the new findings show an association between the activity of the ofc and the mental valuation process underlying choice behaviour , according to the scientists . " a concrete possibility is that various choice deficits may result from an impaired or dysfunctional activity of this population [ of neurones ], though this hypothesis remains to be tested ," says padoa - schioppa . until then few our most during my having she her his but is that have by you you for we can down with above itself that against a itself in was just few his is are can itself about we she this should was was once same any then we they here then having too our not hers his itself being why themselves will about up than nor had each don ourselves will how before but few do again hers having will should out until there for all that yourself where above s against most under was yourself which no each because me before s myself more ourselves while same these than it yours with just any for been themselves is than out after hers because am down then and against we the only by this his be she why who not just very did they this our himself will had from while can that don they both has because because don than the such now my my do did more here themselves only and few yourself as from will yourself have very that there what before into who on or some t your from over too because s where because and can me ourselves while had did should once t each so himself she why them a how between those here do there to during them after what