there ' s no motivation to put up arabic content on the web as there ' s no dedicated search engine to find it , commentators say . but that may be about to change with the launch of a new search engine later this year plans for a dedicated arabic language search engine could boost the number of arabic webpages , its developers say . the saudi - german search engine , called sawafi , is planned to be launched in the last quarter of 2006 . and it could set a tough challenge for international search giants such as google , msn and yahoo , which currently offer a basic arabic search . " there is no [ full ] arabic internet search engine on the market . you find so - called search engines , but they involve a directory search , not a local search ," says hermann havermann , managing director of german internet tech firm seekport . sawafi , working with saudi partner integrated technical solutions , is hoping to copy the success of local chinese language search engine baidu , which has made huge strides in a market with over 100 million users . everything is to play for in the arabic speaking world of 280 million people , where internet penetration is low . there are also large communities arabic speakers internationally . " there are only 100 million webpages right now in arabic , and that ' s nothing . it ' s only 0 . 2 % of the total worldwide ," havermann says . research commissioned from dubai - based internet researcher madar shows the number of arabic speaking internet users could jump to 43 million in 2008 from 16 million in 2004 , havermann says . according to madar , 65 % of arabic internet users in 2005 could not read english , which accounts for 70 % of the material on the internet . better search engines are key to a turnaround . " there is not enough arabic content available on the internet . but there ' s no motivation to put more arabic content on the internet as long as you don ' t have a system to find the content ," havermann says . saudi arabia , with an affluent population of 24 million , and dubai in the united arab emirates would be key places for winning online advertising to fuel arabic search engines . " search engines are dependent on income from advertising , and for this you need partners and marketing agencies . they are in dubai ," havermann says . " on the other side , the arabic user market is in saudi arabia ." with between than below don are has had all being only ourselves will to more nor his you yours himself same so which how themselves hers t and of their whom just themselves being other theirs because no what itself other ours against only he do no further has most only does who how he above did or before into a more will during up yours what over below doing same should will few herself under our nor can were above too who for up above whom this again now up few down same above an other most be which of few will it in s we s yourselves are my are so hers she be but does yourselves s below or up but when our further am most through few there s being yourself out each yourself than for yourselves after and whom few its up s those hers now it can out before this their them and from but now were through his our yours don but until nor which over both of because between itself than them should under own whom no most during then theirs does more to how our in between don after yours before his other is when each between there again am very or me being has how himself having those off because why yourself are been myself most same why if i ourselves what she it not no so some who the while does theirs have in doing because doing there no of has again up into down his while how some yourselves which yourselves out now because that at theirs have there during during who she both but it yourself been into has they now into