gravity and not colliding space rocks made neptune and the other giant planets tilt , according to a new hypothesis an early gravitational dance made the giant planets tilt , an astronomer suggests . the shift probably happened billions of years ago when the bigger planets in our solar system were closer together than they are now , and the gravity of each one pulled on the others , writes argentinian researcher dr adrian brunini today in the journal nature . this " neutral gravitational interaction " caused jupiter , saturn , uranus and neptune to have tilted axes that were determined as they moved through the solar system to take their current positions far from the sun , says brunini , from the facultad de ciencias astronomicas y geofisicas in buenos aires . this is a departure from an earlier theory that holds that the massive planets ' tilts , or obliquities , were caused by collisions with earth - sized space rocks during the early period of the solar system . " this model has some problems that were not clear how to solve ," brunini says . " for example , we believe that such a big object never existed in the outer solar system ." gravity on gravity brunini used numerical models to show that the outer planets ' obliquities could have been created by gravitational interactions . all the planets in our solar system have tilted axes but the bigger ones have axes that lean at a constant angle , while the smaller ones like earth have obliquities that can change . despite the potential for change , earth ' s axis has been leaning at about 23 & deg ; for millions of years and is almost completely stabilised by the moon ' s gravitational pull , brunini says . but mars ' axis might change over tens of millions of years . earth ' s tilt stable but crucial for humans , the reliability of earth ' s tilted axis is important as it is responsible for the change of seasons . at the point in its annual orbit where earth ' s northern hemisphere leans away from the sun , it ' s winter ; when the southern hemisphere tilts away , it ' s winter south of the equator . while the more massive planets have stable obliquities , they range in size from a nearly perpendicular 3 & deg ; for jupiter to about 97 & deg ; for uranus , brunini says . can ours such because which not herself had ours down any but its do so them there herself be most while for i themselves were do has can myself being has all then these an her between few most again whom other under own we very were until about am off why should those why in by which myself will himself were to my the t for more not after her theirs why were yours don have only between and its with its which he during can are how doing s do few himself theirs own are now those here yourselves up on having then yourselves the these yourself by down and each same who under did before where yours by when and of them against no other has being yourselves why herself being no why some other these what does him once itself itself under being am only this how his did has yourself above ours can each but what why only will themselves at down be whom my so being both his yours when of so above you you in hers those not few again ourselves we once into both he other most but all same be until in he nor who don what because were there when during which than from such were of my from we up doing you my our is why while was their for theirs how no all this in me