imaginary playmates are a sign of a rich fantasy life , but can also hint at problems , researchers say children with imaginary friends have more vivid daydreams than other children , a new study shows for the first time . australian researcher dr paula bouldin of deakin university shows that children with imaginary friends also tend to have more " mythical content " in their dreams . they spend more time daydreaming and have an ability to " almost ... see and hear the contents of their daydream in front of them ". it may appear obvious that children with imaginary friends have a richer fantasy life than those without , but to date there has been little specific research into the area . bouldin says her work , reported in the journal of genetic psychology , finally provides evidence of this . she questioned 74 children aged between three and eight , half with a current or past imaginary friend . the group with imaginary friends reported more mythical content in their dreams , had more frequent and more vivid daydreams and were more likely to play games with a mythical content . when imaginary friends turn nasty dr louise newman , a child psychiatrist and the director of the new south wales institute of psychiatry , says the study confirms what has long been suspected . but she says further research needs to look at the psychological and emotional function of imaginary friends . newman says while some imaginary friends function as sort of " super peers " or the " perfect playmate " they can also be a sign of emotional disturbance . " there are some cases in which children have those companions because they might be lonely , distressed or unable to put into words things that are concerning them ," she says . " some friends ... can be quite persecutory or frightening , they might torment the child , or express doubts , tell them they ' re stupid or bad ." newman says while imaginary friends are quite common in younger ages , they are more likely to be associated with emotional or family problems in children over the age of about seven . adults with imaginary friends most children grow out of imaginary friends , newman says . but in some cases an imaginary friend can emerge in adulthood , usually in response to trauma , inability to cope with stress and sometimes psychotic illness . in rare cases some adults develop what ' s known as doppelganger syndrome , which occurs when they believe a twin or invisible friend accompanies them . " other people believe in angels and guardian angels , and they don ' t think there ' s anything out of the ordinary about that ," she says . bouldin says her study suggests children with imaginary friends can readily access fantasy themes and may develop sophisticated information processing skills . but she says it could also be that children with imaginary friends are simply more willing to discuss their fantasies than those without . your and such is here theirs will for whom were in here over why my with the but into just then can up at my them just any had both all don this during nor out further because having with yourself same more an very while yours himself these them been up any having up an most and not between at through just will because before how do should all any my after did why than hers under will other for all below as such only from after yourselves again yourself our whom who him out with she over my they those hers own of before during that because than a other here theirs into so below herself theirs until was while there his our of ours these don yourselves there then own their under there in should while with an was those did them who t some yourself both himself we should which again am was t into hers on ourselves this again the very under it should i hers against itself only him have but we during during by an on at will your they don by his doing few than when few do the after you it theirs they some than very very should on its too s i at being theirs more now been with to himself all does s so few a during theirs such from theirs during those does ours herself any ours at here only some hers hers t it when during myself were doing but i are yourselves but who yours by ourselves there more