saturn ' s gassy nature makes its difficult for scientists to ' see ' the length of a day saturn is spinning slower than expected , scientists report . an international team of researchers has calculated the rotation period is 10 hours and 47 minutes . that ' s 8 minutes longer than estimates from the nasa voyager results in the early 1980s . it may not sound like a lot but the researchers say it could affect how we calculate the size of the planet ' s rock and ice core , and provide more insights into how it formed . the team publishes its results today in the journal nature . " making this measurement has been one of the team ' s most important scientific goals ," says professor michele dougherty , of imperial college london . astronomers have long tried to calculate the length of a saturn day . william herschel back in the late 18th century for example , suggested it lasted about 10 hours . but the nature of saturn itself makes measurements difficult . unlike earth which has a rocky surface , saturn is made up mostly of hydrogen and helium gases , which complicates how scientists measure the length of a day . so rather than take direct measurements , scientists use proxies , or markers , of the planet ' s rotational period . in the 1980s , scientists analysed radio signals from saturn picked up by voyager to calculate the length of day . now , dougherty and us scientists used an instrument called a magnetometer on the cassini spacecraft , which measures the planet ' s magnetic field . by analysing data collected by cassini they found a clear period in the planet ' s magnetic field that they suggest indicates a day lasts 10 hours , 47 minutes and 6 seconds , give or take 40 seconds . " the period we found from the magnetic field measurements has remained constant since cassini entered orbit almost two years ago , while radio measurements since the voyager era have shown large variability ," says dr giacomo giampieri , the lead author of the study from nasa ' s jet propulsion laboratory . " by measuring the magnetic field over the rest of the mission , we will be able to solve this puzzle ." his not not does all when why of him above my any above our having in just under their what being do was and ourselves how all most than under whom has then our s during can will by above if those an her your some than hers just over having on am during who or each down below hers once these being of having while doing its of then only should ourselves had just both only that now from no who so on before from against both s has herself with just now such too when been on with other how between will we her what it yours of what its up before now can on it her the yourself over she once i their their its just can or or down am too itself has i both own ourselves did now through again any myself what some we why only him itself how such whom any or our does which itself ours how its those against am between does then between him if then no she yours its these during he have few all about yourselves had his have we our ours why me with these been into just when in because the are while them not out has again doing does had whom do don do so but up up until to above here most having off it in hers to herself against of herself at at such so doing both him but do ours how was