china reportedly has up to 36 . 8 million blog sites china ' s internet minders have vowed to step up controls of internet content , especially in the most active areas of blogs , bulletin boards and search engines , state media said this week . " as more and more illegal and unhealthy information spread through blogs and search engines , we will take effective measures to put the bbs [ bulletin board service ], blogs and search engines under control ," xinhua news agency quoted cai wu , a government spokesman as saying . china was taking steps to make registration mandatory on millions of blog sites and bbss , or sites where internet users can converse online , cai said . according to a report by tsinghua university , quoted by xinhua , china currently has up to 36 . 8 million blog sites , a figure that could grow to 60 million by the end of the year . the number of search engine users had reached 97 million , or about 87 % of all internet users , the report said . " we will speed up the technology development to safeguard the network management and do more research on the internet security issues triggered by the new technologies in blogs and search engines ," the report quoted wang xudong , minister of information industry , as saying . china has for years been waging an online battle to censor the internet of pornographic and violent content , while also stifling political and religious material that it believes could spark social unrest . two years ago all chinese web portals were required to register with the government , while they also signed on to government issued regulations to self - police their sites for " unhealthy content ". rules at the time also required all chinese internet cafes to register web surfers and not allow them to download or upload any content onto or from personal devices . human and media rights groups say china ' s leaders are tightening their control over the internet and traditional press amid increasing social unrest and regularly jail journalists and internet commentators who post anti - government material on the web . having further an i its over up now between this these above those me by am he before i such or t your have until theirs be very why which my off been such has s himself am what no at does by yours are how most theirs my during the from it this be such his is our only my who to had doing where ours they i yourselves no how this having do above them too once than being nor does more no an out these yourself yours above i own at themselves so their it myself down into they at while doing been from can above each only you but only her same did same him hers now or then during were both ourselves ourselves in but or i out those their not ours their there have was a what during on as what on itself t not me at whom because which you they not most while with here both theirs ourselves to both will and in while nor very will does at ourselves for while what more some don itself those theirs off been but have am with as being having we not his having we as how which into before themselves each only some nor were it hers in in but over whom too off until this yours until doing nor ours yourselves after more now those don its further after ourselves our of we we when you from after will before does because