a new domestic windmill could help bring wind power closer to home , and be safer for birds people could soon generate their own wind energy with a new type of domestic windmill that plugs straight into the grid . the windmill , which is still at the prototype stage , differs from others already available as it needs fewer components to operate and is said to be cheaper . its australian developer , the solarshop , in adelaide says it ' s also safer for birds compared to larger windmills . the company this week received a commercialising emerging technologies grant from the australian government to develop the product further . current domestic - scale wind turbines produce around 24 to 48 volts and rely on costly inverters to convert this to 240 volts , says adrian ferraretto , managing director of the solarshop . the new generator will eliminate the need for an inverter , the company says , and will be cheaper than alternatives on the market . feeding electricity back into the grid enables a householder to turn their electricity meter backwards and get credit on their electricity bill . ferraretto says that over a year , with an annual average wind speed of 6 metres per second , the generator would produce around a $ 2000 worth of electricity . wind farms typically require an annual average wind speed of 8 metres per second , he says . not quite roof - top the windmill needs a windy area , free of nearby trees and buildings , to work . " it ' s really site - specific ," says ferraretto . " you don ' t want to put it in the wrong spot or you ' ll be throwing your money away ." " we think the main market will be coastal acreages around australia and the world ." he says people will probably prefer to mount the generator on a free - standing tower away from the house . " people with beautiful homes wouldn ' t want one of these on their roof ," says ferraretto . is into such but by at from only in once again himself but she been me where some having same under but while have been against herself am some then here too again you up himself most your both itself before yourselves she as own has once before her how those each between a have some when too ourselves i most him his did will just just once will by off very was when on then were between down of other have between other do herself ourselves were down them me the against does i again against very both me because own ours about some under are having during few itself your after over at until your yours by up our it she with who on against what your nor then were by are those only does own his why before s were am he don these those we again during not which have can because whom ourselves is doing before above here you during were your until there himself the do you on these were now so why herself are so or to but until until those while through doing nor can themselves why ourselves his ourselves only itself is on ours him an we how the my but yours if as too with the for if t is who whom which where their than ourselves on off nor or he own has