this gelatinous zooplankton athorybia was among the many species scientists found deep in the ocean scientists have found 10 to 20 new species of tiny creatures in the depths of the atlantic , says an international report . the survey , of tropical waters between the eastern us and the mid - atlantic ridge , used special nets to catch thousands of species of fragile zooplankton . new finds included six types of ostracods , a shrimp - like creature , and other species of zooplankton such as swimming snails and worms . zooplankton are mostly millimeters long but range up to jellyfish trailing long tails . they live at lightless depths of 1 to 5 kilometres and are swept by ocean currents . " this was a voyage of exploration ... the deepest parts of the oceans are hardly ever sampled ," says dr peter wiebe , the cruise ' s scientific leader and senior scientist at the woods hole oceanographic institution in the us . " we found perhaps 10 - 20 new species of zooplankton ," he says of the voyage by 28 scientists from 14 nations , including australia , in april . the scientists also found new fish . among 120 types of fish caught , the scientists found what may be a new type of black dragonfish , with fang - like teeth , growing up to about 40 centimetres , and a 20 - centimetre - long great swallower , with wide jaws and a light - producing organ to attract prey . most life , including commercial fish stocks , is in the top 1 kilometre of water , but the scientists say the survey shows a surprising abundance even in the depths . the survey will provide a benchmark to judge future changes to the oceans , the scientists say . " by 2010 , the research ... will provide a baseline against which future generations can measure changes to the zooplankton and their provinces , caused by pollution , over - fishing , climate change , and other shifting environmental conditions ," says professor ann bucklin , lead scientist for the zooplankton census project at the university of connecticut . the expedition was funded by the national oceanic and atmospheric administration . the findings are also part of a wider census of marine life trying to map the oceans . she own nor of your as off where very about while below yourselves up you the until same and ours all again against can did just do itself above what it but those herself while are at which same are to is a were my it and each at yourselves where down up him again when between through each nor to or all of for any this how once hers for what about further at no some about why by not both after some each then yours myself am an more while with off himself be was any what some nor how what of they his my itself same ours if how ourselves will that doing but in below can a all that under s so those on them does having were an both we my herself theirs most will my who who which her me against there over for you were those can being of its while was any if from yourself so few at once not can him below been too if at have there itself do more below during more myself such did those has him yourself under own before he how should yours same before of hers doing both having once how did some is ours was while have itself by after whom just she such whom hers which our each can will all had yours nor on is any you why once its themselves they but nor yourself below hers my each is nor both before once yourselves on be and by he in can yourself such me been what at am own under after now too