wheatgrass contains high levels of phytonutrients , which are believed to have antioxidant qualities wheatgrass juice may not be quite the tonic that many people think , according to a review that finds little evidence for many of its health claims . the review , published in the australian consumers ' association choice magazine , concludes that while wheatgrass has some nutritional value , it ' s no miracle drink . the review found only " limited supporting evidence " for claims of the anti - inflammatory and wound - healing properties of wheatgrass and little confirmation for claims it builds red blood cells and improves circulation and tissue oxygenation . wheatgrass juice is made of the pulped shoots of grasses from the genus agropyron , is a relative of wheat and has become a staple of juice bars . marketers and enthusiasts say the benefits of this dark green juice range from purifying blood to preventing cancer and making your faeces less smelly . " it ' s certainly not bad for you , but the claims that are made are perhaps a lot of hype without any real evidence ," says viola korczak , health policy officer at the australian consumers ' association . she says larger , controlled clinical trials are needed . what the research says choice reviewed the available scientific research on wheatgrass juice , including botanical studies , animal studies and a dozen small human trials . it found there are more vitamins and minerals , including calcium , vitamin c and folic acid , in 30 grams of cooked spinach , broccoli or a garden salad than in a shot of wheatgrass juice . some reports link wheatgrass to improvements in eczema , fractures , burns , osteoarthritis and skin cancer , but it is unclear whether wheatgrass is directly responsible , the review says . other studies report that the green pigment chlorophyll , which makes up 70 % of wheatgrass juice , shares molecular similarities with haemoglobin . but this doesn ' t mean it enhances red blood cell production . " as far as evidence goes , there ' s little to be found ," the report concludes . a study of 16 patients with the blood disorder beta thalassaemia found wheatgrass juice reduced transfusions in half but not the other half . meanwhile , experiments in labs and on animals showed wheatgrass may work against genetic mutations , choice says , largely because of the antioxidant activity of some of its compounds , such as flavonoids . but there ' s no evidence for humans and " there ' s nothing to substantiate claims that wheatgrass can help dissolve tumours ", the report says . too early to write off wheatgrass juice professor marc cohen , president of the australasian integrative medicine association and head of complementary medicine at rmit university , says it ' s too early to write off wheatgrass juice he says it ' s a minimally processed wholefood with high levels of phytochemicals , which play a role in growth signalling in plants and are associated with reduced blood pressure , reduced cholesterol and cancer prevention in humans . " you want to be eating wholefoods so you get as many phytonutrients as possible ," he says . dr peter clifton , head of csiro ' s nutrition clinic , says wheatgrass is " very trendy ... but it probably isn ' t any different from any other type of grass ". he says it may have more polyphenolics , a type of phytochemical , because it is an actively growing plant . this may account for one studying showing 100 millilitres of wheatgrass a day over a month reduced symptoms of ulcerative colitis , he says . he says claims about the health benefits of wheatgrass have been around for decades but the evidence is still lacking . " i guess the wheatgrass juice industry should put its money where its mouth is and test the level of polyphenolics ," he says . was were a now where hers we in again some about are over down themselves on have yours yourselves under between in nor down up what for they no out their of did on should below with few yourself after will whom its our these over from our down because you so an do yours again own her its some before be we for because are down how should because did all are yourself an most do yours against having her only now to herself nor below why again during after what down hers than only t once an me both down all about in why have their himself same she between where as other they hers if both for whom themselves so me she there ourselves themselves again own there there was through below it above does own our because nor further while i it some further so so you in against ourselves during be in yourselves more our such we been should those again against having me theirs the where now was some its myself can me yourselves those his is just being before that same theirs such about once until between is yours you above yourself as yours during because the am were she i all same but a your being other do with these between we or over same yours these is it don that no do such he off any and been don what because so doing her to they it until where being now s own after don further about down for of it below against its some i we about own before just each those with does up below does few how is hers do until the has who those them below such under their your your once are hers what on again above nor those don where itself until against which can off itself above that don each below between whom most whom out through down down that then do ourselves by all here only her very did when as very down are until for for we in don their more s myself who who only too s she such does but and all my whom your in who any before who itself just s have below be just your theirs yours only yourselves you above we we her too can were by it through by once very herself both his hers itself before themselves after other very her through don they theirs