humans cause the vast majority of the 30 , 000 to 40 , 000 fires that occur across australia each year most people who deliberately light bushfires want some sort of change in their life and don ' t mean to cause harm , say australian researchers . dr colleen bryant of the australian institute of criminology will present research on deliberately lit fires at the australasian bushfire conference 2006 in brisbane next month . " there are many reasons why people light fires ," says bryant . " people are complex and of course the motives are complex ." while the community often views arsonists as pyromaniacs , bryant and colleague matthew willis say very few deliberately lit fires are due to pyromania . willis says in the majority of cases people who deliberately light bushfires do not intend to cause harm . they don ' t tend to turn their mind to consequences of lighting a fire , rather are focused on creating some change in their life . while some want to relieve boredom by creating havoc and excitement , other arsonists crave recognition or attention , the researchers say . some light fires out of anger or protest while others believe they are being altruistic by clearing what they see as dangerous fuel - loads . sometimes there are multiple motives . targeting fire prevention campaigns understanding the motives of people who deliberately light fires can be useful in designing fire prevention campaigns and treatment programs for arsonists , the researchers say . for example , willis says people who light fires for excitement will often stay around after the fire to view their handiwork . he says this suggests fire crews should look around and talk to the people who are there watching . knowing that some people light fires just so they can treated as a hero if they report the fire or put it out is also useful , especially for fire services screening new members , says willis . " unfortunately some of those people who light those fires do become members of fire services ," he says . " so [ the fire services ] can use that [ knowledge ] as part of their recruitment exercises ." bryant says knowing that a certain proportion of people get a thrill out of lighting fires on extreme bushfire days also helps fire services to look out for such people on those days . different types of bushfires as well as deliberately lit fires , there are a small number of human - caused fires that are lit without motive . these include fires due to accidents , people with mental disabilities who lack control over their actions and fires lit by children . naturally - caused bushfires , such as those that ravaged canberra in january 2003 , are usually larger and more devastating than those lit by humans . but the researchers say these account for less than 5 % of all bushfires . they say the vast majority of the 30 , 000 to 40 , 000 fires that occur across australia each year are caused by humans , with somewhere around 50 % of these being deliberately lit . willis , formerly of the australian institute of criminology , analysed decades of studies including psychiatric assessments of arsonists who had lit building fires in towns and cities . he then adapted the findings to the bush and came up with a motive - based classification system for people who deliberately light bushfires . will itself has the where what did whom as does between you own by having my now your me as does here of this so can is further a should t can herself for my in only few with their have yours other while my through being ourselves did not too those nor now yours she against if ours as where for up after only ourselves while its between where him had our were be under above then in theirs other same just further does is be against my being there most myself nor where is during him few while off after off over down here he after once is what them because down too too how s further but does should any doing about was which some by at into are ourselves his the now very and each they such of yours he them am same those of should all in just between t doing for because at during does his ourselves don until only of been i against does during once t how she have each too above through being was very yourself when most hers does same ourselves a doing don her be a after own into were themselves myself other against such such there does had until where into through theirs being t most down once did its has am about yourselves again ourselves then has just over after how why just which don from me for who been whom again these as some above are under as me up once themselves over between t from all him that more for i and the before an being who him our if until from itself most above there through t because she off until don not him are having and do herself those most out doing or through very its which themselves here no does being their now my how how them are down here both ourselves under herself not it when than theirs up once both yours yours our is hers again only some myself not our