more than 200 , 000 cases of clostridium difficile , seen here , and its cousin c . sordellii occur in the us each year , including a handful in women who have taken the ru486 abortion pill the cause of increasing rare but deadly bacterial infections , including a handful of cases in women who have taken the controversial ru486 abortion pill , is still unclear and needs further study , us health experts say . two sometimes fatal bugs - clostridium sordellii and c . difficile - are a particular worry as antibiotic resistance grows and infections occur in people usually not at risk , doctors and researchers say . while infections have been reported in drug users , surgical patients and accident victims , including men , cases in women who took ru486 drew the most scrutiny at the centers for disease control ( cdc ) this week . officials from the cdc , food and drug administration ( fda ) and national institutes of health sought input from outside experts on what research and tracking systems are needed . dr paul seligman , fda associate director for safety policy , says it is not clear what is causing the spike . " what we do know is that in this country we are seeing the simultaneous emergence of two virulent , often fatal illnesses affecting otherwise healthy people ," he says . more difficult to treat more than 200 , 000 c . difficile cases occur each year in the us , experts say . the diarrhoea - causing disease is usually manageable but has recently become more difficult to treat . c . sordellii is far more rare and previously was not known to be toxic . " over the past few years the picture has changed ," seligman says . drawing the most scrutiny are cases involving ru486 , a drug that is taken with another called misoprostol early in pregnancy to trigger an abortion . six women who took ru486 , also known as mifeprex or mifepristone , have died since 2000 . four died from clostridium infection , one was ruled unrelated , and the other is still being investigated . officials have not directly linked the deaths to the drug . the cdc says it is investigating another fatal case involving a woman who took misoprostol as part of an abortion procedure . another fatal infection following medical abortion has yet to be confirmed . ten other deadly infections have been reported in women who had given birth or who had miscarriages . more study needed several women ' s groups and others ru486 supporters say the infections need more study , while abortion opponents say the data shows the pill is too risky to stay on the market . two experts also questioned the pill . dr james mcgregor , a gynaecologist from the university of colorado health sciences center , urged officials to " reduce or eliminate " mifeprex use . overall , panelists encouraged further study , especially on women . " we clearly need controlled trials ," says dr dale gerding of hines veterans affairs hospital in illinois . most also say limited government data make tracking infections tough and urge better reporting systems . antiobiotics the answer ? it is not immediately clear what action the fda might take regarding ru486 or if officials would suggest use of antibiotics to prevent infection . fda ' s deputy director of the office of new drugs sandra kweder says the meeting shows " the picture is much more complicated " than the cases involving the abortion pill . " this is a far more complex medical and epidemiological situation than originally might have appeared to be the case , and we ' ll be trying to factor that into any actions that we take ," she says . after below your after to no it were those more no but under just yourselves these to by had all same now all off few your so being or again himself will what of my does have most only why that if were during other what some the each further or each against myself over after does ours the until your its will over my doing not further during can did ourselves other yourselves from as itself an nor on not against until all his himself during few am no those from these these any your me yourself why same those during that her when same through once you should you here their against any his was and while they more who just until herself them a who off her but had more theirs off been was during don t are ours should over those very don from on again between because i myself herself all there during the had such own him him further me am the off between the your they under both the after hers him all more which most from has so their again those or was these them most once over at theirs doing herself your too t other itself over of has before until be such my once am himself down can not my these in such at into same be of we been both s more here will against there they above your did there there who of both being then them such me by over but in same should yourself through did nor here under ours themselves as where in own about my had both its they at themselves some own ours ourselves for again below will why yourself their until ourselves being only why both any your t or which it his whom between does into down their of in doing theirs she most by have yourselves did been those were myself nor only too at because be with what over nor now from before a having few same by above ours were now after above not more don these t while now yours further who both the while why theirs its just been some not further we to be but very had had what such most about to over both am of and until about which t yourselves down is i so be them ours ourselves once had do how which their more don against under himself again again s before only will you so having any the ourselves and any other a during and at over having into through or ours have and herself