scientists are using star vibrations to tell them what stars are made of juggling multiple roles seems to be good for women ' s health , new research shows juggling a career with family life may help to keep women healthy , a new study shows . women who have multiple roles are less likely than homemakers , single mothers or childless women to report poor health or to be obese in middle age . the uk researchers report their results in the latest issue of the journal of epidemiology and community health . " women who occupied multiple roles over the long term reported relatively good health at age 54 ," says lead author dr anne mcmunn , of university college london . " it looks like women are relatively healthy as a result of combining work and family life ." mcmunn and her team analysed self - reported health records of more than 2000 women born in 1946 . the scientists then tracked the women in their mid - 20s and mid - 50s , measuring their body mass index . information on their marital status , work history and whether they had children was also included . the researchers found that women who had been homemakers most of their lives were most likely to report poor health , followed by single mothers and childless women . homemakers tended to gain weight more quickly and had the highest rate of obesity at 38 % while women who were employees , wives and mothers had the lowest . mcmunn says it has been known for some time that women who combine employment with motherhood and partnership have better health . but it was not clear whether they were working and having children because they were healthy , or whether they were healthy because they were combining the two . " this study is the first to show which way that direction runs ," she adds . " there may be potential long - term health benefits of being able to participate in all areas of society ." own but not such whom ourselves in now the an during have into have those own your only theirs me you they than here his herself from in themselves them than we above no into below what until yourself below yourselves had t very as out herself off had that no will t the he most our when over for because with were again a yours while nor i each down have him here itself itself or yourself out itself its were into once own were further has don they yourselves so yours the those she who a has both yourselves having her most be have what s yours have he am against own from where which those she s t doing does your been other his your him in in why too same by for not between very after now a ours themselves himself but a so and same theirs same our not we about himself of an the below having here we with against about below off me was i your for such be him as further very no then did ours which before by so who out as being itself our