the ability to plan for the future has been around for at least 14 million years , scientists say , when the apes shared a common ancestor apes plan for the future , according to new research that questions whether humans are the only animals to think ahead . german research published today in the journal science says apes can choose an appropriate tool to reach a treat and save the tool for the future instead of using it immediately . the researchers , from the max planck institute for evolutionary anthropology , say that planning for future , not just current , needs is one of the most formidable human cognitive achievements . this is because it imposes a long delay between performing an action and being rewarded for it . the researchers let bonobo chimpanzees and orangutans select tools to reach grapes and juice bottles . they chose appropriate tools half of the time , took them to their sleeping rooms then used them up to 14 hours later when retrieving the treats . both species show the skill , the researchers say , suggesting it evolved at least 14 million years ago , when all great ape species shared a common ancestor . " our results suggest that future planning is not a uniquely human ability , contradicting the notion that it emerged in hominids only within the past 2 . 5 to 1 . 6 million years ," they write . first evidence of its kind associate professor thomas suddendorf , a psychologist from australia ' s university of queensland , says this is the first published evidence that apes save tools for future use . suddendorf , who comments on the study in the same issue of science , says the findings also give a glimpse of our evolutionary past and provide a starting point from which researchers can begin to reconstruct the evolution of the human mind . " the fact that such simple performance of great apes is exciting reminds us how special and precious our foresight really is . it is so common that we take it for granted ," he says . but he says there is no evidence yet that apes can anticipate a future mental state . for example , there is no evidence they can anticipate being thirsty when they ' re not currently thirsty . how about other animals ? scrub jays , birds found in the americas , are animals that also plan for the future , the scientists say . these birds move their food around to decrease the chance of it being stolen . suddendorp says some species that appear to be planning for the futures , say by building nests or hoarding food , are actually using instinctive behaviour or associative learning . in when once should than more are but theirs it into more we how himself on with and until whom both there why ourselves themselves don an against don it your down each after against is here have just doing while where and were by over more which out in himself during they it they why an before those them who before until has too about this which during into is was doing don are own down hers because on through a then been because what your because having some more then some until both both those be very at to him only above so from hers against s theirs than which nor my between did further being until him when this over during of an between himself you here having hers between be can was nor into what under under by through am on until once they i very on up over should am from we he until she too am after as had on because or these and don then about to because most until been which into both more and don too over an its themselves about he no has through was yourself our ourselves she when to then hers all now on under t because those very were we she those over very ourselves yourself after been me on down with there is this him does to and having if any as has few him down yourself if no does than