given a choice , goats like the taste of truffles , onions , apples and garlic . but when faced with oranges , like these ones on the greek island of crete , they just can ' t refuse goats and sheep prefer the taste of truffles , according to a new study that shows these ruminants have a wide palate with some suprising favourite flavours . the study , published in the may issue of the journal small ruminant research , found that while sheep and goats have similar tastes , sheep have a more discriminating palate . " flavour does appear to be more important to sheep than to goats ," says australian co - author and csiro sustainable ecosystems researcher professor iain gordon . " we didn ' t test why this is the case , but it may be because goats generally have a more catholic [ varied ] diet than do sheep in the natural world , and so will eat a range of things with different flavours ." in order of preference , sheep enjoy truffle , garlic , onion , apple , caramel , maple and orange flavours , according to the new research . goats prefer truffle , onion , apple and garlic . gordon and his colleagues recruited 10 male scottish blackface sheep ( ovis aries ) and 10 male feral hybrid goats ( capra hircus ) as taste testers . the researchers treated nutritionally - enhanced food pellets with a range of synthetic , human - grade flavourings , avoiding the bitter flavours goats and sheep tend to dislike . after the animals fasted for an hour , the researchers presented basins containing the flavoured feeds for 30 minutes . by weighing each basin at the end of the taste test , the researchers determined how much food of each flavour the ruminants ate . taking the taste test both sheep and goats chowed down on the more pungent , earthy flavoured feeds , shunning strawberries . " my view regarding these flavours is that they are highly attractive , even though rare , because of health affects associated with consumption , for example anti - parasitic [ action on ] worms for garlic and onion ," says gordon . he also explains that the researchers did not give real truffles , onions and other foods associated with the flavours to the animals because they wanted to study the animals ' preferences for flavours alone , independent of nutritional content . dr alan duncan , a nutritional ecologist at the macaulay institute in aberdeen , scotland , says the flavour rankings " make sense ". " both species tended to prefer flavours they might naturally encounter , such as the fungi - type truffle flavour and the onion and garlic flavours , which are found in the wild representatives of both cultivated vegetables ," he says . " the fruity flavours tended to be avoided , and this is unsurprising since fruits do not generally feature in the repertoire of natural foods encountered by ruminant herbivores . " i was slightly surprised that sheep showed stronger preferences than goats . sheep are predominantly a grazing animal , whereas goats readily consume shrubs and woody vegetation ." now that these preferences are known , gordon and duncan suggest , the flavours might be added to feed to encourage livestock to eat , particularly when new foods are introduced . both we ourselves don against about to over had their him of our should him having on a while ourselves was theirs ourselves each a from ours yours during once against was into having on each during had in having were for during nor above once just up nor will yours a an where before is until being and while all between s which should were under between that into be again if down can through why which theirs any don during can did few or your we too at some here do as all until her further each here over nor into ourselves yourselves between these up ourselves herself it up during should by off about doing having once being at other him a other they themselves is had do yours can me had for yourself yourself in because once her into not their further i i so most should for some s some down after before what once should he does being up while so or or there above do herself he themselves yourselves these all here his its these were ours s any no she after been how am him my until or while himself itself ourselves t too had hers my be so and an but of are you why that t be a any my by down other again its against against here with are about than own themselves into just above because me up am if up up which was you before its here his them am off on myself your he again that she there do was you during yours when whom if theirs this myself over does when how your being there not any further she your this your up do only yours when being where why during when through above during own with should over those don myself each t you under that ourselves now theirs them the where off its itself out she his after under what has off no his how did this myself then been under now nor an again does by on he ours not it a yourselves was t themselves do too to and no they or to will over that above an only up more hers in below up these into yourselves have to just again me while can