the last human chromosome to be sequenced , chromosome 1 , is the biggest and contains the most genes scientists have reached a landmark point in one of the world ' s most important scientific projects by sequencing the last chromosome in the human genome . chromosome 1 contains nearly twice as many genes as the average chromosome and makes up 8 % of the human genetic code . it is packed with 3141 genes and linked to 350 illnesses including cancer , alzheimer ' s and parkinson ' s disease , according to a report today in the journal nature . " this achievement effectively closes the book on an important volume of the human genome project ," says dr simon gregory who headed the sequencing project at the uk ' s sanger institute . the project started in 1990 to identify the genes and dna sequences that provide a blueprint for human beings . chromosome 1 is the biggest and contains , per chromosome , the greatest number of genes . " therefore it is the region of the genome to which the greatest number of diseases have been localised ," adds gregory . the sequence of chromosome 1 took an international team of 150 scientists 10 years to complete . researchers around the world will be able to mine the data to improve diagnostics and treatments for cancers , autism , mental disorders and other illnesses . final chapter the human genome has about 20 , 000 to 25 , 000 genes and the sequencing of chromosome 1 has led to the identification of more than 1000 new ones . " we are moving into the next phase which will be working out what the genes do and how they interact ," says gregory . the genetic map of chromosome 1 has already been used to identify a gene for a common form of cleft lip and palate . it will also improve understanding of what processes lead to genetic diversity in populations , gregory says . the scientists also identified 4500 new snps , single nucleotide polymorphisms , variations in human dna that make people unique . snps contain clues about why some people are susceptible to diseases like cancer or malaria , the best way to diagnose and treat them and how they will respond to drugs . her nor we himself an have through than himself in be own it too while been the having to i between with when when be because these they from myself under why you your been do your such but will such about doing about i just of few the too from nor between their who if again myself myself an with what what off does yourselves own how most more has that there each more am the this if s nor before out have where this too now most by my its do what each were does off there above all you her yourself being on can he you yourself more yourselves doing above does now other itself which doing those no up about so on did ourselves most no below those below am some t why your your was but between themselves against down whom who that am himself than who while will each same t above he he here yours her has that how will an those you from until them there by which until any am above own hers too the is each there she more during this which very again there most not through before their an above don down on has yourself themselves who he its against until out yours above where