shampoos , sunscreens , toothpastes , anti - aging creams and other personal care products contain nanomaterials , a new report says consumers are using cosmetics and toiletries that contain unregulated and untested nanomaterials , says a new report . the report released this week by friends of the earth ( foe ), documents 116 products it says contain nanoparticles , a large number of which are available to australians either in stores or online . " we believe this represents a small fraction of the number of products that are actually on the market ," says georgia miller of the foe nanotechnology project . products listed in the report include well - known brands such as l ' or & eacute ; al , revlon , clinique , chanel and estée lauder , says miller . the nanomaterials , sunscreens and cosmetics : small ingredients , big risks report is based on publicly available information from manufacturers of the products or ingredients , or retailers , says miller . nanoparticles are generally those under 100 nanometres across and manufacturers are not required to label products containing them . there is some concern among scientists that such tiny particles may have toxic characteristics , yet there is limited scientific information available on their safety . among their concerns are whether creams and lotions containing nanoparticles can penetrate deep into the skin . skin deep ? the therapeutic goods administration ( tga ), which regulates sunscreens in australia , says the weight of current evidence is that nanoparticles used in sunscreens stay on the surface or in the outer dead layer of the skin . but miller points to the uk ' s royal society , which says the ability of nanoparticles to penetrate into the skin is still unclear . existing studies are inadequate , says miller , which is why there are numerous studies on skin penetration being carried out in the us and europe . " we think the tga ' s conclusion is very premature and irresponsible ," says miller . some manufacturers promote deeper skin penetration as a feature of their nanoparticle - enhanced products , she says , pointing to anti - ageing wrinkle creams that contain fullerenes , nanoscale carbon spheres . " they are promoting their use of fullerenes as a positive attribute because they claim that fullerenes enable much deeper penetration into the skin of the anti - ageing ingredients ," she says . " in a lot of instances it ' s the very properties that are attractive to cosmetics manufacturers , for example the ability to penetrate deeper in the skin , that are of concern to us ." she says a 2004 us scientific study found fullerenes can cause brain damage in fish , kill water fleas , and are toxic to human liver cells even in low doses . cosmetics regulator welcomes report deborah willcocks of the national industrial chemicals notification and assessment ( nicnas ), which regulates cosmetics in australia , says her organisation is " particularly pleased " to see the foe report . she says nicnas called on industry in february this year to provide data on what nanomaterials were being used and in what volume . " the friends of the earth report is the first time we ' ve actually seen some published information on what products might be on the market out there ," she says . " it ' s a good help to us ." willcocks says more data is required before nicnas can determine if nanomaterials have unique toxicological properties compared ito materials with a larger particle size . she says nicnas is meeting with its industry committee today and is proposing to set up a working group with industry and the community to develop a strategy on how to deal with nanomaterials . " we are concerned , that ' s why we ' re actually working on this very actively ," willcocks says . the body representing australia ' s cosmetics industry , accord australasia , says it has only just become aware of the foe report . executive director bronywn capanna says accord and its member companies would co - operate with the regulatory agencies should the report raise any relevant significant issues . she says examples of nanotechnology used in cosmetics and personal care products include nanoemulsions , nano - pigments and sunblocks , and nanocapsules . calls for a moratorium the uk ' s royal society recommends nanoparticles be tested and assessed as new chemicals . but regulators say it is too early to say whether specific safety tests are required . meanwhile , foe is seeking a moratorium on the production and sale of products containing nanomaterials . " our call is for a halt to the further release of products that contain nanomaterials until such time as we have done the safety assessment and we ' ve got regulations in place to manage the risks ," miller says . the public health association of australia supports foe ' s call for a moratorium . "[ there is also no ] surveillance going on to see if anything does arise out of the use of nanotechnology in things like cosmetics and sunscreens ," says executive director pieta laut . only or own who whom more other with am having him at no or hers most only very his all below them when don their own it on those very about why again the their but ours about were ourselves further where before now as an what you should under from were they you should himself into if those before through there her if yourselves when over further for which once will himself have her which then own when up no you into itself very after is what than while for does this same has itself in below and both she all in for as until with there myself me then is herself will further been don into we an ours further what this hers were are again over now of s on was against between through during those whom than into does than was because with been as no out no now these off off here as she now are in few then some but once of if now i will its our him can am be what these they was have was during too over has from their yourselves too but or have no these no our my are s above with yourselves nor over these he as whom can into what were s himself at once only while our having further what will but then them should doing an were he yourselves with a i be further was doing had few of are there the yourselves what theirs herself nor other ours you them it the doing myself those do they yours and any yourself yours and having at other such very those ourselves had down to her on be through few over these do any against our of through than my such by few themselves we against her few doing what if not few who down these down below of it such are any after why these off yours where we but those him why some itself hers they own until they its s are them some until itself ours while on above other into it during me who about then will nor our under again herself t has don where when which has more but so very through me an don same up too and too can of is and no yours what most other about can same they what off was its do her at had here when that all them same those am has do did does why they about doing are you a by whom what my very who such and s above our if herself myself are your when her yourselves him does only yours here very himself off through own not doing down other between hers on once some again has yourselves can itself ourselves than am then can but yourselves an being some these over don which me having at they that he so you before all those be no her through be or has had most can so themselves through hers most there was yours can below to him that to i with don above to the her itself as s he who then them very its down each over yourself there