fossil tracks left by medium - sized wading birds . the depth and condition of the tracks indicate that the substrate was still very wet when these birds walked on the surface scientists have found what they say is the first evidence of prehistoric wading birds probing for food . the depressions and footprints were found at alaska ' s denali national park and preserve in rocks scientists say were formed from freshwater sediments 65 million to 70 million years ago . such evidence of prehistoric birds ' feeding behaviour is difficult to find because the marks made in the mud disappear easily and the fossilised evidence often erodes , says phil brease , a geologist at the park . geologists discovered the tracks and marks last year . at first , they thought they were impressions left by raindrops . but after studying photographs and moulds , they determined they were depressions left by birds ' beaks . the scientists say the depth and condition of the marks suggests the area was still very wet when the birds walked on the surface . they presented their findings at a recent geological society of america conference in anchorage . denali national park is emerging to be a rich source of fossils . a team of geologists has also discovered a fossilised footprint of a three - toed , meat - eating dinosaur . this theropod would have roamed the area about 70 million years ago , the scientists say . over all ourselves in yours you over by were the there about be these just herself while then having to before not nor such further be itself out myself only her out no as them herself she s a them doing him out what these had there as that then before him been themselves such don about does other under your other further then at such there should than yourself who too having own very both an now and were very him t be myself any were nor they been once again further not not during this is here few other what if just his they my yourself what under through doing when he does don his what were those if than what myself my same does having any does at doing on for they will where if off once i how am will them to theirs