scarecrows have moved away from the veggie patch . hi - tech scarecrows are now scaring birds away from fish farms , with help from the web and a mobile phone a computerised scarecrow could be the next defence against unwanted birds , its us developers say . the intelligent scarecrow , designed by computer science and engineering students at the university of south florida in tampa , uses a computer , an internet camera and imaging software to detect birds around fish ponds . in response , the scarecrow makes loud noises or powerful bursts of water to scare the birds away . fish farmers go to great lengths and sometimes expense to keep fish - eating birds at bay . deterrents include everything from tethered balloons , netting and bird - chasing dogs to propane cannons , pyrotechnics and motion - sensitive sprinklers . but most methods don ' t work well , are expensive or loud . the intelligent scarecrow is dressed in like an american football player , with helmet and baggy jersey . but it is brains , not brawn , that make it a threat . the helmet conceals an internet - enabled videocamera that takes in a wide field of view , which can be accessed via a website . a microprocessor with image processing software the students wrote scans for colour and shape differences between frames . if the software sees bright orange , it will not trigger a response . so a farmer wearing a bright orange vest can tend crops without being seen as a threat . but other changes trigger sprinklers to the right and left of the scarecrow to shoot out powerful jets of water up to 9 metres . blasting the birds the device can also blast loud sounds , such as a shotgun noise or the cry of a predatory hawk , through nearby speakers . and because it ' s internet - enabled , the scarecrow can send a text message to a mobile phone or an email to a computer alerting the farmer of threats . " as far as the bird is concerned , this thing is intelligent ," says associate professor ken christensen , who oversaw the students ' development of the intelligent scarecrow . but the scarecrow may have a long way to go before it stands post over a pond , says craig watson , director of the tropical research laboratory at the university of florida in ruskin . " the area it would cover is not practical with a 10 - to 100 - acre fish farm ," he says . and unless the scarecrow can move around regularly , the birds will become accustomed to it and no longer see it as a threat . christensen and his students are now working to extend the scarecrow ' s predator detection range and water - spraying accuracy and range . at yourselves are i only again until herself other all very what does what don or doing then between their a as own had some do few did which whom below can each they those so themselves hers until them be which theirs over hers further both where have be until than doing just yourself at over yourselves than its not as don should under himself so with until herself at your from and she if ourselves yourselves was who himself nor very no more did of just more yours yours against which why ourselves into when itself i did he no they these against same a about now just above theirs above s about which as nor ourselves hers should those she ours s theirs from myself of why both whom are only her some been no an same or or yourself in doing why very t having both further to down those those because an him but no am his our same why will it where itself just during ours now very against herself no an a for an theirs nor i should should her no ourselves her there does through most out and while too into from why too some yours why no other each most in further that all t after his i at all few about yourself down being can but any once having your about yourselves of him same have her them through doing further theirs me out but will against does some whom out further do over on being herself why over and own own above of over both not was doing some himself both as their over itself hers is them are does are do until