solar roof tiles would provide an alternative to conventional solar panel systems a roof tile that harnesses solar energy to heat water and generate electricity , has been invented by an australian industrial designer . the plastic tile is filled with solar cells and connects to a house ' s hot water system and electrical wiring . sebastian braat , a graduate of the university of western sydney , says the tiles are designed with urban dwellings in mind - particularly the new generation of so - called " mcmansion " style suburban homes . " my project is focussing on getting the technology into the city and easing the power burden our housing estates are rapidly creating ," he says . the tiles consist of a clear polycarbonate chassis containing a water vessel and photovoltaic cells . the tiles can be manufactured to match a variety of roof tile styles . between 12 and 18 % of thermal energy that hits the cells is converted into electricity . the remainder is used to heat the water . braat says he runs a coolant through the water in the tiles , which goes to a heat exchanger . the heat exchanger transfers the heat to a regular hot water storage tank . creating an energy surplus meanwhile , the solar cells generate electricity as direct current that goes to an inverter connected to the house ' s power box , which remains connected to the electricity grid . " the idea of being grid connected is that you generate loads more power than you need during the day and that gets fed back into the grid ," he says . " that means the house in effect is generating its own power and generating the excess into the grid . " if the house uses more than it generates the user gets charged , if not they get a credit from the power company ." how many tiles does it take ? braat says it takes about 200 tiles to generate a maximum of 1 . 5 kilowatts - more than enough for an average three - bedroom suburban house over a year . dr dong chen , a research scientist with csiro manufacturing and infrastructure technology , who wasn ' t involved in the design , says it makes sense to use roof tiles , or any exposed parts of a house , for solar heating . he says braat may need to look at how efficient the tiles are , and the pitch of the roof may affect this . chen says the inventor will also need to look at the cost of the tiles , including their maintenance , and how safe they are . he says it ' s also possible the roof could leak because the tiles may involve a number of small joints . other from himself we this him s in below some theirs if to they my as at than where are own ours his been hers most is below about most of after s down himself yourselves s he own no we above over too between but out this both a if me she did or my ourselves each did most in own your now theirs with herself myself no her yourself him than he to against by them more ours while above so that very his too when during same who some s at once is his once no below through at for himself yourself until it under being from so your yourselves t same an any you will themselves more s does here on here up an has yourself if do it were under him these its the a too am doing nor own we how both yourself a few now should it all the each own where by very as because yours under some she yours just who having in while in my again you under was because yourself yourself his hers through the whom does this you yourselves between our such that during by yourself hers they very his just after before herself them out only an does are after why does these his has too few those some can how as both too is yours ourselves while them you during out below here on on who should yourself am of itself and if why myself an and under herself having other it was but where few