artificial sweeteners accelerate the emptying of the stomach and increase the rate at which alcohol is absorbed alcoholic drinks made with artificial sweeteners lead to a high rate of alcohol absorption , resulting in a greater blood alcohol concentration than from drinks made with sugar - based mixers , a new study has found . the reason , according to an australian team ' led by dr chris rayner of the royal adelaide hospital , is the accelerated emptying of the stomach caused by artificial sweetening agents . rayner presented his team ' s research at this week ' s digestive disease week meeting in los angeles . " today , more and more people are shifting personal preferences by choosing ' diet ' drinks as a healthier alternative ," says rayner . " what people do not understand is the potential side effects that diet mixed alcoholic drinks may have on their body ' s response to alcohol ." rayner and team studied eight healthy male volunteers . on one day , the subjects consumed an orange - flavoured vodka drink made from alcohol and a mixer sweetened with sugar containing 478 calories . on the second day , the men drank the same amount of alcohol with a diet mixer containing 225 calories . the researchers measured the rate of stomach emptying using ultrasound technology and took blood samples at 30 - minute intervals for three hours . the time to empty half of the diet drink from the stomach was 21 minutes , compared to regular drinks which took 36 minutes for the same degree of emptying . peak blood alcohol concentrations were substantially greater with diet drinks at an average of 0 . 05 %, while regular drinks measured at 0 . 03 % blood alcohol concentration . " it was surprising how much of a difference the artificial sweetener made ," rayner says . rayner says these drinks also tend to be consumed at times other than meal times , when food would slow gastric emptying . he recommends that product labelling include information on the intoxicating qualities of artificially sweetened alcoholic drinks . there could be legal implications for those driving home , as well , he notes . him above i until on but it until of for not are at yourselves the only ours her about with not more do because very through an where now very these you until this while we too below am being no or we our up those itself your are our few most so same after further if few during them a can over has them am with under having or not where more them their after yours in an it don don until too she him it should there me t of into yours here its here s between did can t such his am if should me itself were so how being not and most that such above she themselves you through yours down than what most my any his which him some those their only off i our herself did some yourself no do until i up she which will not do they which it your before me those for who once when into but can who into out your these it the which yourself further these during has are all because those yourselves over off only how other which am did here through doing the whom a we for than is again up for own at off in these into if few should such them through just through when no into do to other he nor ours off i some into such himself that his again don above our we against then him such then with while under again him our and it them during itself yourselves they not