the biological clock ticks for both men as well as women a man ' s fertility appears to decline after the age of 40 , in much the same way that a woman ' s ability to conceive fades after 35 , say french researchers . dr elise de la rochebrochard and team , from the french national health institute inserm , report their findings in the may issue of the journal fertility and sterility . their study , of nearly 2 , 000 couples undergoing fertility treatment , found that pregnancy attempts were 70 % more likely to fail when the man was age 40 or older than if he were younger than 30 , regardless of his wife ' s age . " as an increasing number of couples choose to postpone child - bearing , they should be informed that paternal age over 40 years is an important risk factor for failure to conceive ," say de la rochebrochard and team . because all the women in the study were completely sterile and undergoing in vitro fertilisation ( ivf ), the age of the fathers was key . and while past studies have suggested that older men are less likely to father children , the extent to which this was related to biological changes or to decreased sexual activity has been unclear . " our results provide , for the first time , strong evidence for a paternal age effect on failure to conceive that is linked only to biological male ageing ," the researchers say . according to the researchers , the lower ivf success rate among relatively older men may be due to poorer - quality sperm . it has long been known that women are less likely to conceive after the age of 35 than before , say the researchers but the current findings , they say , suggest that for men , the age of 40 is similarly important . " in reproduction ," the researchers conclude , " age must no longer be considered as the concern of the woman , but as that of the couple ." and himself so above for should has are myself how about during our during all while then once been his it my until no was a above been own now those the have after yourselves my any on t after now that between so yours they themselves few being will those the him don how don is off after just you further themselves your this herself it at they or through are was during out those those doing is them out hers me as nor his itself they same and some until her him her then hers does how of did other itself did then themselves very the what it was against again those few out this because of any any down been an further whom most these were same no between than who each on about their up your me out don between ours ours then not too not over further because you him off who himself your any him few so such having so be we in with through on theirs they these myself which am after did a yourself myself will she themselves because once our