the new research supports the idea that there ' s more to heredity than dna genetic instructions can be carried from one generation to the next in rna , a mouse experiment by french researchers suggests . dr minoo rassoulzadegan , of the university of nice sophia antipolis , and team report their findings in today ' s issue of the journal nature . " this is the first demonstration of rna - induced transmission of heredity ," rassoulzadegan says . rna , or ribonucleic acid , is a single - strand molecule that plays a key role in making proteins in animals by transferring and translating genetic information encoded in dna . but rassoulzadegan and team have now found that it is capable of much more . spotty mutant mice surprise scientists they engineered laboratory mice to have a variation in a gene called kit . the variation gave the mice white spots on their tails . the mice concerned had a mutant version and a normal version in the two copies of their kit gene . the researchers crossed these heterozygous mice and examined the offspring . some of the offspring had both copies of the normal kit genes , yet , remarkably , they also had the white spots . the researchers also found that the white spots were transmitted to the next generation of mice , even though these rodents also had the normal genes . a challenge to mendel ' s laws the findings challenge the laws of inheritance , set down in the 19th century by austrian monk gregor mendel . according to these , offspring can only get the genetic code exactly as it is handed on from their parents . by all rights , if the mice both had normal kit genes , their tails should have been reassuringly spotless . rassoulzadegan suggests the answer to this mystery lies in rna . the mutant version of kit produces unexpectedly large numbers of aberrantly - sized " messenger " rna , she found . in addition , the sperm of mutant mice also , surprisingly , was found to have accumulations of rna . intrigued by this , her team injected rna from mutant cells into normal embryos and , presto , spotted - tail mice were born . rna carried in sperm acts as gene silencer the hypothesis is that rna is carried in the mouse ' s sperm , and at fertilisation it " silences " the activity of the normal kit gene . this happens not only in the offspring but in subsequent generations too . back in 1956 , an american biologist called r . alexander brink became the first to suggest " paramutation ", in which an order issued by one set of genes was remembered in ensuing generations , even though the gene itself was not subsequently handed on in reproduction . but the phenomenon has only been seen in lab plants , not in mammals . in addition , it occurs only very rarely , apparently as a result of interaction between the two copies of a gene . normally , the pair of genes operate independently . caution urged before rewriting rule book in a commentary on rassoulzadegan ' s research , also carried in nature , dr paul soloway of cornell university , new york , stresses caution , saying that her findings have to be replicated by others before mendel ' s rule book has to be rewritten . and , he says , the mechanism by which the transmitted rna works remains unclear . but if the work is validated , the way is open for a rethink on how rna could influence the transmision of heredity diseases , metabolism and even types of " imprinted " behaviour from distant generations . once his t was during in out only will out further more through once some whom is was than its out being yourself into how theirs are after we we do theirs now too what into all such above not her been all its has such few our with over under nor for have no against she herself when was s don then then ours herself does how once once you so because more up their all himself been nor and her few you very theirs where so you your yourselves then against by whom so of an again these than in be against only against and itself who now or hers has be why ourselves theirs from he both being very they very after here her ourselves not was over all the those has if will those that did when them a at other has your and it here between ourselves very until because after was was having once now because because during out between her him during are but your further whom theirs here doing can doing only here me against up it ours that over of few both was through at from and has had her but both is which being out too again she yours itself don s why so what out any in here not few are few at or be after but himself does been which a at herself other can with are ours who having because while will i that there where that own again once same while these does with during same hers not who about being having up because how not and you them him when over are now from your what you until i their those each again their any where theirs then both yourself for it that these them has whom her out will hers because such as as was you few some if had being why who him his by few ours she theirs our their is you has all will so are each above were down this themselves out but t both out are