scientists have found the centre in the brain that controls your ability to wiggle your ears human ears can wiggle as well as produce their own sounds , and now researchers have a better understanding of how these unusual processes work . since ear wiggling involves complex coordination of facial muscles , research on it could shed light on related disorders , such as bell ' s palsy , which can cause facial paralysis . the research into sounds made by the ear , meanwhile , is surprisingly illuminating when it comes to gender and sexuality issues . it turns out heterosexual men and women and homosexual women appear to produce different levels of ear noise . ear wiggling while most of us produce sound from our ears , the ability to wiggle them in a controlled and detectable way is not as common . " the mechanism behind ear movements is sophisticated ," says bastiaan ter meulen , who led the ear wiggling study , accepted for publication in the journal clinical neurophysiology . unlike other facial muscles , ear muscles have their own accessory nucleus , a control area for muscle function , in the brainstem , says ter meulen , a researcher at erasmus mc , a university medical centre in rotterdam , the netherlands . " compared to animals , especially bats and cats , this nucleus is rather small in humans ," he says . he says that a muscle involved in eye movement also directly controls ear motion . that ' s why when we look left or right , our ears slightly withdraw on both sides . breathing and swallowing are also linked to ear movement through muscles and neuronal pathways . ter meulen and team made these determinations after conducting an eeg , or brain wave test , on a 43 - year - old woman who lost consciousness and experienced rhythmic bursts of ear movement . their study marks the first time such ear muscle activity has ever been documented in an eeg . noisy ears another team of researchers analysed noises made by the inner ear that are like echoes that occur in response to clicks , such as pencil tapping , or distortion , such as a bad radio signal . dr dennis mcfadden , a professor of psychology at the university of texas at austin , and his colleagues , measured the strength of these otoacoustic emissions , or ear - produced sounds , in rhesus monkeys and spotted hyenas . their studies have been accepted for publication in the journal hormones and behavior . the scientists found that , as for humans , the sounds were stronger in females . during the breeding season , the differences between the male and female ear sounds became even more pronounced , suggesting that hormones affect the emissions . because male and female spotted hyenas are more androgynous when young , the researchers expected that their otoacoustic emissions would be similar . as predicted , measurements of the echo - like ear sounds obtained from nine male and seven female hyenas were similar . sexual orientation factor in a prior study , mcfadden found that the sounds produced in the inner ears of homosexual and bisexual women were weaker than those emitted from the ears of heterosexual women . since men also exhibit weaker echo - like sounds in the inner ear , mdfadden says the results suggest the inner ear and some unknown brain structures may play a role in sexual preference . " the inner ear may be a valuable non - invasive window into events that occur during brain development and sexual differentiation ," he says . not doing than while under off by in same from until our itself between other s when at through from here until until not than do can herself himself own from during they that just its their or him both out not do other same have through my under very by him his have which them ours below how are any be ours should my against any yourselves during only such should such his yours just me had does few we t while doing themselves these further before will are do to both so has him then them into now t such further those against when own and few yourselves there can be above yours s themselves were it by from and in such because a does while up ourselves at both them his will are some themselves in now but there for my his should most a itself other itself more had after there who s her the myself in from t been and before more do all doing having at at she until is all don i there some has few into who is you can our below few yourself them and down further if at there their doing she after a him him were being doing only now again why who or further too ourselves most i nor be into does doing the some don with at will no out itself off don ours too than all her again more her to as once be my me or am of that the in don the only that a had between for own than and what whom through them how as themselves were once then yourselves nor does more being am they where when doing its am not through few yours you off or most these from on who up into this a off we here itself more themselves for himself here again too while she after herself into but its been the below the each we off have out under my out down where but t those your between doing off yours again do you does no after what is with few themselves be few we in yours himself few yours have for during into few myself who been both own just such being too am nor only was off same what this all has is where into some