researchers used chimp poop to confirm the origin of hiv the closest viral relative to hiv has been traced , for the first time , to wild chimpanzees , confirming the theory that these creatures are the original source of aids . a team led by dr beatrice hahn of the university of alabama at birmingham report their study of wild chimpanzees from southern cameroon , in today ' s issue the journal science . " it says that the chimpanzee group that gave rise to hiv ... this chimp community resides in cameroon ," says hahn , who has been studying the genetic origin of hiv for years . in people , hiv leads to aids but chimps have a version called simian immune deficiency virus ( siv ) that causes them no harm . to date siv has been found in captive chimps but hahn wanted to show it could be found in the wild , too . her international team got the cooperation of the government in cameroon and they hired skilled trackers to locate the elusive chimps . " it is hard to track them ," says hahn . but the trackers managed to collect 599 samples of droppings from the chimpanzee subspecies pan troglodytes troglodytes . hahn ' s lab found viral dna and evidence of the virus itself in the droppings and estimated the prevalence of siv infection in the associated chimp populations . " we went to 10 field sites and we found evidence of infection in five ," hahn says . " we were able to identify a total of 16 infected chimps and we were able to get viral sequences from all of them ." widespread infection up to 35 % of the apes in some communities were infected with siv and different varieties or " clades " of the virus were found . " we found some of the clades were really , really very closely related to the human virus and others were not ," says hahn . she says chimps separated by a river were infected with different clades , and a river may have carried the virus into the human population . cameroon not the origin of the epidemic while siv has been found in cameroon the epidemic is known to have originated elsewhere . " the epidemic took off in kinshasa , in brazzaville ," says hahn . kinshasa is in the democratic republic of congo , formerly zaire , and faces brazzaville , in congo , across the congo river . studies have traced hiv to a man who gave a blood sample in 1959 in kinshasa , then called leopoldville . " so how do you get from southern cameroon to the democratic republic of congo ?" hahn asks . " some human must have done so . there is a river that goes from that southeastern corner of cameroon down to the congo river ." ivory and hardwood traders used the sangha river in the 1930s , when the original human - to - human transmission is believed to have happened . transmission still a mystery hahn ' s study suggests the virus passed from chimpanzees to people more than once . " we don ' t really know how these transmissions occurred ," hahn says . " we know that you don ' t get it from petting a chimp , or from a toilet seat , just like you can ' t get hiv from a toilet seat ," she says . " it requires exposure to infected blood and infected body fluids . so if you get bitten by an angry chimp while you are hunting it , that could do it ." hahn and team ' s study only applies to the hiv group m , which is the main strain of the virus responsible for the aids pandemic . " it is quite possible that still other [ chimpanzee siv ] lineages exist that could pose risks for human infection and prove problematic for hiv diagnostics and vaccines ," hahn and team say . aids was only identified 25 years ago . hiv now infects 40 million people around the world and has killed 25 million . spread via blood , sexual contact and from mother to child during birth or breast - feeding , there is no vaccine against hiv although drug cocktails can help control it . herself down t that don before before about whom an for during under up hers than it such am yourself had so which ourselves few s or most have their had be they all the a about have with who how yours is s more in who same other for all again while when other about where she himself all his any ourselves having that itself that about a ourselves does t own then any any both on be off other him him has out be you your which what own him or when each because that until am into were into has once am why such now their themselves once both he whom nor be having are down those under then his himself s for ourselves who herself these than yourselves yourself only very her hers whom myself has under or their than over s once a such is which yourself a not here then be some over myself an nor are than yours an own or s had his for hers of because for them will once then between between very or through are over below too into any very both some before them with can s their about what were that they to does about just but here because being between few will where been what just whom at at so other i a do by herself an into down during where don off being not ours who again too than your off she of ourselves against those against where while themselves below is ourselves don hers under an me you no and no whom in few and that be if very this all both as from a once yourself its they very doing down herself your if him myself yours how has how was on more so doing most were himself itself does same how out not so from while their am off from in does you out is your them at itself having we itself against should can are her these above yourself who have when am him s but those himself below himself this yourselves just than nor doing theirs theirs at you there what through just ourselves more not don off where she most on do here being s they ours were these my