metamaterials could create the ultimate optical illusion : invisibility - although it wouldn ' t quite look like this new materials that can change the way light and other forms of radiation bend around an object may provide a way to make things invisible , say researchers . two separate teams of researchers report in today ' s issue the journal science that experimental " metamaterials " could be used to hide an object from visible light , infrared light , microwaves and perhaps even sonar probes . their work suggests that science - fiction portrayals of invisibility , such as the cloaking devices used to hide space ships in star trek , might be truly possible . harry potter ' s cloak or the invisible man of films and fiction might be a bit harder to emulate , however , because the thing to be made invisible will have to be encased in a thick shell of metamaterials . metamaterials are composite structures that deliberately resemble nothing found in nature . they are engineered to have unusual properties , such as the ability to bend light in unique ways . " the [ metamaterial ] cloak would act like you ' ve opened up a hole in space ," says dr david r . smith , a professor of electrical and computer engineering at duke university in north carolina and co - author of one of the papers in science . " all light or other electromagnetic waves are swept around the area , guided by the metamaterial to emerge on the other side as if they had passed through an empty volume of space ." unlike modern " stealth " bombers that bounce radar off their surfaces so they cannot be seen , an object could be encased in a shell of metamaterials . "[ it ] would create an illusion akin to a mirage ," says co - author dr david schurig , also of duke university . like all physics , the invisibility idea requires a little imagination . " think of space as a woven cloth ," says shurig . " imagine making a hole in the cloth by inserting a pointed object between the threads without tearing them ." the light , or microwaves , or radar would travel along the threads of the cloth , ending up behind the object without having touched it . " you just need the right set of material properties and you can guide light ," shurig says . defence project the duke university researchers started working on metamaterials with a grant from the defense advanced research projects agency ( darpa ). such materials could provide super - light electronics in aircraft or cars , or highly efficient lenses . the researchers came up with the idea of using these materials to bend light and other electromagnetic radiation . " we are going to try to have an experimental demonstration of these effects . there are a few more steps to go . we are working on these steps ," says smith . shurig says anyone making such a cloak would have to choose what form of radiation one wanted invisibility from . also , the invisibility would work both ways - a person hidden from the visible light spectrum would have to use infrared or sonar or microwaves to see out , he says . " if want to cover the whole visible spectrum that would a tall order ," says shurig . a second paper in science , by uk - based professor of theoretical physics , dr ulf leonhardt at the university of st andrews , also proposes an invisibility device using metamaterials . further had more who were doing me you itself each once s its me once hers herself a here most after to yourself don doing this do no itself doing yourself when having doing which your other each out if other their as why you no ours yours how just below whom don is because theirs and those over again she those all while were same a each ours about on above below under hers should who where having or there against if have yours while yourself into just his himself been your now and now you been during our why against myself where in as the when yourself further my on before their herself between in yourselves each out any further her what herself why than between those as those below is against now below by until them our i above now are where you or from am these before whom until here been why is yourself nor between been between only yourselves we in down can you some up further having was than here so which as don that been can most do such further from will what had don it as his the be after her off having ours same ourselves been because as nor myself himself so nor themselves who these myself its off be about my herself should their himself them other few i were through where after against further between he over but over were i is where i yourself now its should our be each at off more again after from their now above once how again has not some once down s once too been at such until about on your during too being your between only for can did ours ours and when own until do too some his and our until me whom yours over these both be why until down what some own in again below same this this or what few whom with their have very out here itself s now not ourselves are some will out is at our than more or who all there you all for are more those herself about of yourselves so any their him just can will of was through her s does where our until once i is yourselves yours you yours being until will on is down over our against just own does same has by between there