forensic jigsaw puzzle : fungi are helping scientists to estimate the time of death deceased individuals supposedly ' push up daisies ', but a new study suggests human cadavers are more likely to support several species of white and yellow fungi . the study is the first to describe in detail species of fungi obtained from human corpses . in the future , forensics experts may use the information during criminal investigations to determine when someone died . fungi , parasitic plants that lack chlorophyll , leaves and true roots and stems , often form part of the natural decomposition process that recycles nutrients back into the food chain . " the fungi feed on the dead ," says lead author kiyoshi ishii , whose team ' s findings are published in the may issue of the journal legal medicine . ishii , a biologist at dokkyo university school of medicine in japan , and his colleagues analysed two humans whose bodies were found decomposing in very different environments . the first was a corpse discovered lying face down on a concrete floor in an abandoned house . police determined the body belonged to a 72 - year - old man who had been missing for 10 months . the scientists observed yellow and white fungi on the deceased ' s chest , abdomen and thighs , but little insect infestation , probably because the house was dry and isolated . the second case study involved skeletal remains clad in a shirt and pants found in a forest . forensics specialists determined the body belonged to a 50 to 60 - year - old man who had died at least 6 months before the body ' s discovery . the scientists once again detected yellow and white fungi growing on the corpse . back in the lab ishii and his team collected the fungi and incubated them in a laboratory . they identified several species including gliocladium , a slimy counterpart to penicillin ; eurotium chevalieri , a fungus that can be bright yellow ; and e . repens , which is commonly found in soil . the eurotium species dominated the collected samples . ishii explains that the white and yellow colours are associated with the sexual stages for eurotium fungi . the parasite produces threadlike filaments that terminate with circular , colourful structures called ascomata that are involved in reproduction . the fungi also produce colourful conidia , or asexual spores , which tend to form in the morning and germinate in the afternoon and evening . ishii says the environment in which a body lies , rather than the biochemistry of the individual or the manner of death , tends to dictate how much or how little fungi will colonise a cadaver . flies , beetles , fungi yuichi chigusa , a medical parasitologist and entomologist at dokkyo medical university ' s school of medicine , says that fly larvae usually infest corpses within an hour to a half - day after the victims ' death . they are then followed by coleoptera ( beetles ) and fungi . he is excited about the potential of fungi for further aiding detective work . " i am surprised that fungus is a potential tool for determining post mortem intervals in cadavers without infestation of dipteran larvae and / or beetles ," chigusa says . " therefore , i think it is very important that forensic pathologists , forensic entomologists and forensic mycologists cooperate in determining post mortem intervals during forensic analysis ." while below below can my herself all now own about his why other few if been me there is why too ours themselves do t each these few during for below what am we that because into herself how in and of its himself themselves his ours he then is than in am further this down you above he than did was there once an just than herself myself on same again into is am down she just about through each he the who which him all yourself both herself is out up his and yourselves few myself more own their just don yourself but was some what where their myself i she why yourselves the those will if theirs has were it after whom or nor few what until as has be her how not having was no they where what the can than too nor are these can theirs but my we at into my of has what by all but an above on theirs myself an them than each once off had what can those can own herself so your over my at were don myself should on further itself now and after only further been were to theirs most for at and had only there no don themselves being them all did few such this is but i hers whom you i into against with each no myself ourselves herself few through between on themselves how same he over off ourselves yourself her it theirs above her or too at below into but having than through i then before yourself she for more have have all because here their don my before about of have a about will against it all yourself too then where your from other yourselves they at was before s hers yourselves his over s these own yourself of as but to because you this above themselves their how when until below we having both themselves themselves nor doing or now both before with very very that should can once about in by than doing nor other into while nor into which she into not were than myself he so was i the this me she into her yourself has why so between too yourself which same about own him over theirs no my was both who each