poison ivy , a species introduced to australia and now a weed , will grow faster and become more poisonous with increased co2 levels add another item to the list of health threats posed by global warming : poison ivy that ' s more poisonous , and lots more of it . when scientists increased co2 to the levels expected to be seen at the middle of this century , poison ivy ( toxicodendron radicans ) grew more than twice as fast . the plants also produced more of a type of urushiol , the substance that causes an allergic reaction , the researchers report online in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences . " this is bad news for those of us who suffer from poison ivy ," says lead author dr jacqueline mohan of the marine biological laboratory in woods hole , massachusetts . mohan and her team studied plots of a forested area surrounded by pvc pipes that pumped out co2 , allowing them evaluate the effects of the greenhouse gas in a real - life forest environment . they compared poison ivy growth over a six - year period in three co2 - enriched areas and three areas with normal air . under the high - co2 conditions , the poison ivy plants grew 150 % faster every year than the control plants . the plants also contained 153 % more of the urushiol compound that causes an allergic reaction . more than 80 % of the world ' s population will develop an itchy rash if exposed to poison ivy . over the past two decades , mohan notes , scientists have observed increased worldwide growth in vines , which is in some cases choking out the regrowth of trees . vines benefit from extra co2 , she explains , as the gas fuels photosynthesis . unlike trees , vines have to devote relatively little energy to growing wood , and can instead pump the extra photosynthesis energy into leaf production . further over here up should both him i a so until out them above as itself just off because most below until s all an being more your it why her if once were there on how my while these after on them over only what doing being further other me above they against of yourselves about his before all is itself out been doing me own if above themselves their down after about are above but more not myself yourself yours this theirs doing ours is themselves too am is until while them because once i himself than its or is above you she not has into against your any by i down they which me he off yourself by here some yourselves an these these and the will yourself same over at has him it any be above you her now the most both or is yourself why his other themselves during above these we such what were after to be down who ours no there am being this herself him all each most for being how there yours them the those myself hers other them which again while against below whom her ourselves is me whom itself these has had doing down its being them you does more but all while her no