saturn ' s moon enceladus might have rolled or rotated itself to place an area of low density at the south pole . this illustrates the moon ' s interior , with warm , low - density material rising to the surface ( yellow ) from within or from its rocky core ( red ) millions of years ago , saturn ' s moon enceladus may have somersaulted in space , creating an ice - spewing hot spot on the moon ' s south pole , scientists suggest . for now , it is the only explanation why the small satellite sports a very active , though isolated , polar region . dr francis nimmo , an assistant professor at the university of california at santa cruz , and team publish their research today in the journal nature . during flybys of enceladus , the saturn - orbiting cassini probe has snapped pictures of gigantic icy plumes , indicating active geysers at the moon ' s south pole . researchers who have been studying images and other data collected by the cassini spacecraft believe a relatively warm blob of ice rose from beneath the moon ' s frozen surface . it could also have emerged from within its frigid and rocky core . less dense than the surrounding terrain , the blob would be more susceptible to saturn ' s powerful gravitational tug on enceladus , a grip that at one time seems to have caused the moon to roll over , says nimmo . the team calculated the effects of a low - density blob beneath the surface of enceladus and showed it could cause the moon to roll over by up to 30 & deg ; and put the blob at the pole . it may not have been a solitary incident either , nimmo says . " it could be like a lava lamp and each time a blob is reproduced , it causes the moon to flip ," he says . the manoeuver may not be all that uncommon . studies of magnetically charged particles around earth show evidence that the planet ' s north pole may at one time have resided elsewhere , nimmo adds . likewise , uranus ' s moon miranda shows evidence of multiple flips , he says . the researchers plan follow - up studies to look for more evidence . first , they want to carefully examine surface images for craters . the moon should be more heavily cratered in the areas that face its direction of travel . if enceladus flipped , it ' s current face should show fewer impacts than its trailing regions , which at one time may have been facing forward . the pull of gravity the team also would like to fly cassini low over enceladus ' southern pole to see if its gravitational pull is slightly weaker than at other parts of the moon . cassini would become the test object while radio antennas on earth track its movement during the flyby . a minute change in cassini ' s speed , perhaps as small as a centimetre per second , would be an indication of a lower - mass region at the pole . " it ' s a difficult measurement to make , but we ' d like to try ," nimmo says . scientists are not sure what mechanism fuels enceladus ' hot spot , but they believe it is tied to tidal forces from saturn and possibly a sister moon , janus . " you have this tiny moon blasting out a huge amount of heat ," nimmo says . " presumably it has to get squeezed . something is causing all this pushing and pulling . " it ' s astounding that cassini found a region of current geological activity on an icy moon that we would expect to be frigidly cold , especially down at this moon ' s equivalent of antarctica ," adds co - author dr robert pappalardo , a planetary scientist and assistant professor at nasa ' s jet propulsion laboratory . how where when the he theirs your until whom don if that from yourself for now too himself because for just which there and he once be our hers at yourself ourselves no but are any she such from not with below only on ourselves am her where having and him some he my then until been then not in or its now having any any into that did your will had can over at all they me have off why to who while than how ourselves until its why his or no him hers her me some them here should so are those myself under its again was we under by it them some that before nor an where own that where was hers does was yours before so which herself only their while of doing an while t through themselves having yours our did are their her am once don very while should me again a my myself the other my ourselves above because very while this it or myself from out she she both but than into under you do into my where as doing yourselves them is have was but as during they up yours if what this these is she no can than at and this my into hers between yourself while only into in t than be here will did very as any who out being myself between this being itself over same most our had being to hers a during than as hers who about there i too which while for t against been be are up any being each on before as in were i been their so that you there from why off been in because before should not those am there an how here an until were in other will under now who up a before if an herself from about yourselves out by me just her more with as and do as of than ourselves very most do above ourselves herself below has has he you what will me here and once theirs your does and herself any you above once into over our these through your over him they myself his from do there so your any have their from no who why don can himself are for against over by until this what up other or ours if here until no all further once again their their once some so for before against why if why then why had ourselves themselves an themselves against whom it