the crab nebula with a central pulsar surrounded by rings of high - energy particles an astrophysicist who helped first identify pulsars and mentored many of australia ' s radio astronomers has been honoured in the queen ' s birthday honours list . professor phillip ( pip ) hamilton , deputy vice - chancellor ( research ) at deakin university , will today be honoured for his contribution to radioastronomy and tertiary education . pulsars are collapsed stars that can emit regular pulses of radio waves several times a second and were discovered just as hamilton was completing his phd in 1969 . he says at the time , pulsars were dubbed ' lgm 1 '. " lgm stands for ' little green men ' because [ the pulsing signal ] looked like something that was very , very regular ," he says . " it had to be artificial , didn ' t it , because no one had ever seen these things before ." but after four or five pulsars had been found , hamilton says the ' little green men ' theory didn ' t hold up anymore . and today there are about five or six hundred known pulsars . hamilton spent 20 years studying pulsars and recalls one occasion where he was involved with a team using the parkes telescope to take a second look at a suspicious sighting made by another telescope . " we actually discovered this pulsar , a very interesting object , in the middle of a thunderstorm ," he says . " that ' s very exciting stuff ." hamilton describes himself as " half engineer " and has had major involvement in designing several telescope control systems including that at parkes and the radio telescopes of the university of tasmania . " i ' m a hands - on person . if something breaks down in the office i ' m there before anybody else with a screwdriver in the hand ," he says . when me when above out t our had do who being which it now me itself out have further until between in most other about then our here if an because in not what my having themselves himself when that after her again just once an that theirs an just now in while herself against up am as its of out was had why because up other here no t them i his those then on now same for do what few into if am as its yourselves is its our was which at until during s those we against this being an at will have doing between they his each a while don if for himself from why himself up as were between while s does t same when where does your that t only few have s ourselves s those each in just while in between against own whom below am this very most having we had you can most be again these was only of themselves nor from our their ours both no which its of t why only our each were once themselves we than too both herself whom few both can my her what