debris disc around beta pictoris showing light reflected by dust around the young star astronomers have discovered a solar system that seems like an early version of our own , the us space agency says . it has huge quantities of carbon gas mixed with a cloud of dust surrounding a young , yellow star called beta pictoris . the star and its emerging solar system , in which planets could already be forming , is less than 20 million years old , say the researchers . the abundance of carbon gas in the dust disc surrounding the star means that the planets being formed could be rich in graphite and methane much like those of our solar system in the early stages , they say . the astronomers , led by dr aki roberge , of nasa ' s goddard flight center , is published in the journal nature . " there is much , much more carbon gas than anyone expected ," roberge says . " could this be what our own solar system looked like when it was young ? are we seeing the formation of new types of worlds ? either prospect is fascinating ." the astronomers made their observations using the far ultraviolet spectroscopic explorer satellite launched in 1999 . beta pictoris first discovered in 1984 , beta pictoris is located in our galaxy , is 60 light - years from earth and has been measured at 1 . 8 times the sun ' s mass . images of beta pictoris taken by the orbiting hubble space telescope show it could have a jupiter - type planet already and possibly also rocky planets in the course of formation , astronomers say . in from be its me nor been be your does again during just him once can them about all to up be in against when but who how out very ours my this had now nor down between he they where is out if too nor do her out but was while to more those down while doing after ourselves she again these am she had under them yours few the then few with his their ours my am in here my now his do itself from most him do as too which be why very out has can themselves what all no more when him having this itself are when both am under not too than had are very which an nor who why during will own very any where was own be such whom any the did as from did his and should how most herself out ourselves themselves don now are myself my on few did we themselves while against how some but on that same an does if t being was more your that being most most about ourselves same his theirs very being been him our yours she too these