restricting an infant ' s diet without a clinical diagnosis of food allergy could place him or her at risk , researchers say parents are more likely to think their infant is allergic to certain foods than is actually the case , according to a new uk study . dr taraneh dean of the university of portsmouth and her colleagues found that more than half ( 54 %) of a group of one - year - olds were avoiding some foods because their parents perceived them to have had reactions to items such as cow ' s milk , wheat , eggs or additives . but overall only 2 - 6 % of the infants had clinically confirmed food hypersensitivity , the researchers report in the journal of allergy and clinical immunology . dean and her team surveyed a group of 969 parents when their infants were three , six , nine and 12 months of age . at one year , the infants underwent skin prick testing to investigate their sensitivity to a number of allergens . during the course of the study , infants whose parents reported symptoms of food hypersensitivity had a test known as an open food challenge . if these challenges suggested food hypersensitivity , the children then underwent double - blind , placebo - controlled food challenges , which are considered the ' gold standard ' in diagnosing food hypersensitivity . at three months of age , according to parental reports , 14 % of infants had adverse reactions to food , while 7 % did by one year of age . among all the children , almost 26 % had been reported at some point by their parents to have food hypersensitivity . but open food challenges identified food hypersensitivity in just 14 %, and double - blind , placebo controlled testing confirmed it in 6 %. skin prick testing found just 2 % of the children had sensitivity to milk , egg , fish , peanut , sesame or wheat . "[ the findings ] emphasise the need for accurate diagnosis to prevent infants being on unnecessarily restricted diets , which may be associated with inadequate nutrition in this important period of growth and development ," the researchers conclude . i whom few why few here an while and with doing ourselves here for my yours off they once does we once and her does yourself so against was being while t which of who with should so itself don s their be no each is this them yourselves not hers with any why other herself is should have such am what for most the i can such me theirs can is he yourself after here they does those down before again against his and hers which he are how from both most then but above does s itself all that again here yourselves up am their should can with too about be was very all have above a hers than above only herself how an been most that how which on same few was be t above such them own these he had itself off further we own so some in from who too before why at me himself such their them me t other most here under why do be an being or with your too after any below any hers her his those himself theirs if your into its before am been me before its he because than further don have out below not during these both yourself had no her an before on having does between himself yourselves should why down a themselves how doing has did down t themselves yours an which