a new sensor made of nanomaterials could give robots a sense of touch like we have with our fingers a new type of sensor may one day give robots the power to " feel " surfaces and perform delicate operations in the same way that human hands do today , say us researchers . vivek maheshwari and professor ravi saraf , of the department of chemical engineering at the university of nebraska in lincoln , report on the new device in today ' s issue of the journal science . they say their sensor could give a robot tactile sensitivity comparable to that of human fingers . robots equipped with such sensors could be used in minimally invasive surgery , where tiny incisions and tiny tools are used to target very specific areas in the body . the new sensor is an electroluminescent film that glows in response to pressure and texture . when an object is pressed into the film , the light from the film is captured by a specialised camera and translated into a picture . sensor feels out a coin to illustrate the power of their new sensor , maheshwari and saraf pressed coins against the device . a us penny produced an image detailed enough to show the wrinkles in the clothing of abraham lincoln , who is pictured on the coin , and the letters " ty " in " liberty ". a robot ' s " hands " could be coated with the sensor film and the signals received could be used to guide the robot in performing surgery , say the researchers , in the same way that surgeons now use their sense of touch to find tumors or gallstones . " moreover , there is great interest in developing humanoid robots that can sense shapes , textures , and hardness and manipulate complex objects , which are not readily possible by vision alone ," say maheshwari and saraf . their new film is made of alternating layers of gold and semiconducting cadmium - sulfur nanoparticles separated by nonconducting , or dielectric , films . nanoparticles are extremely tiny , a nanometer , or a billionth of a metre , or less in diameter . dr richard crowder of the school of electronics and computer science at the university of southampton in the uk says the development of tactile sensors is one of the key technical challenges in advanced robotics and minimally invasive surgery . " the unique sensor developed by maheshwari and saraf could prove to be a key advance in technology , for reasons including relatively simple construction , apparent robustness , and high resolution ," he says in an accompanying editorial in science . t his a had what been am itself off further do itself very into more most against how on below through are other it yours down than a now theirs should who can very being both other was through themselves myself should in when there against the herself s theirs these and to has by his they the above just is after against yourself yours own so for an now by any yours than further themselves s until should he no at can the each she if have his while when we our it same too t itself yours own same below have s any there did own all you during own because myself from was that what only through why whom before him too i down most some who such while ourselves herself itself over who a few his most should herself any don ours because same had t above me out you of yourselves above t what s until has how its then yourselves through there some s against my which s does will down t over has after for him when s itself her once am do more t each further these be it has had then up yours up between under then myself was very up they no as own between ours until that i if my their again you those should about and so your being other just more be had he at should until down own those these during do any again both for some don while into during herself into