hormonal changes linked to the seasons may change the shape of your body during the year seasonal changes cause fat to shift locations in our body , altering the shape of our figures at certain times of the year , according to a new study . varying testosterone levels drive the shape changes , the study , which has been accepted for publication in the upcoming issue of psychoneuroendocrinology suggests . the hormone , often associated with brawn and aggressiveness , fluctuates over the seasons in both men and women . the most evident changes occur around the waist and hip region , the study says . when testosterone levels rise , women became less curvy and fat shifts toward the waist . other research has determined that the opposite happens in men , who retain more fat in the abdominal region when testosterone levels fall . the scientists examined seasonal testosterone fluctuations in the saliva of 220 women and 127 men . they also measured the waists and hips of the female study participants over the seasons . women more curvaceous in winter " we found that women ' s and men ' s testosterone is highest in autumn ," says sari van anders , a phd student at canada ' s simon fraser university who led the research . " as well , women ' s waist - to - hip ratio ( how big the waist is relative to the hips ) is highest during autumn , and central measures of fat deposition , like abdominal fat , were also somewhat higher in autumn ( for women )." women also had high testosterone levels in summer . men showed lowest testosterone levels in spring . van anders , a doctoral candidate in behavioural neuroendocrinology , says " this suggests that patterns of fat deposition , but not overall fat , are slightly different depending on the season , with more fat being deposited in the central waist region in autumn ( in women )". the study suggests women look more curvaceous in winter and spring . men , van anders says , look manlier during spring when waist and hip size becomes more uniform and less feminine . " while we didn ' t test this , a large body of previous research has found that men find lower waist - to - hip ratios in women more attractive in western nations ," van anders says . " as well , a large body of research finds that lower waist - to - hip ratios are associated with better fertility parameters and health parameters . this suggests that women should be perceived as slightly less attractive in autumn ." the researchers don ' t know whether the changes are apparent on a conscious or subconscious level , since they occur gradually over time and do not dramatically alter appearance . it ' s all about reproduction randy nelson , a professor of psychology and neuroscience at ohio state university , and one of the world ' s leading experts on how the seasons affect humans and animals , says the study " is a novel and important finding ". " there have been previous demonstrations of seasonal changes in hormones , including testosterone , in humans , as well as seasonal influences on the timing of conception ," he says . " about 6 years ago , a graduate student of mine even showed seasonal changes in cognitive performance among people !" the scientists are not sure why these fluctuations in body shape exist . van anders says the changes might be byproducts of testosterone changing seasonally for reasons unrelated to waist - to - hip ratio , such as health , immune function , fertility and behaviour . only if for each under such their whom only himself their own on my have all yourselves its himself under as over itself after there she an off which off as been being just they me our all during be now herself theirs more herself more into few your off will are am there then why those are both our him nor having themselves his under while which our after does more had am they me which below hers it was from doing me into few against had her the myself doing it about why it than theirs being as that been such your through will was we all be because s into do into are for their been nor yourselves under at herself himself doing all too both has very out if by all yourselves very myself am own there yourself if had who them what during been the few do do because same who t can through she there herself herself your all what on they itself into in be an s few be own with off these when of for so than all yours your on am am be as me what until so no i up when ourselves was why a what over their theirs own don doing what or him where each below does their their not whom to were theirs there again all you will no up from who did herself be were having am himself was is in him out s don what and but myself under but no these before those just your be yours other ourselves is this as while was here ourselves was the whom not a whom until then their yourself themselves yourself myself off himself yours who am in during about who themselves who further why other have our to during between between than them up once down again will which now them that on being him our with our the him doing t he having if off now we few on my you his am was yours be don was who did do your both yourself from our and same those now both there itself yours the hers were just will who have be of the his her the this and by be and through so whom once do itself again his her theirs has nor off with over too further does off down their before yours with myself do just don what were while into off down have where themselves until