the good news is that beer may prevent prostate cancer . the bad news is that you ' ll destroy your liver if you drink enough to have any effect one of the main ingredients in beer appears to thwart prostate cancer , according to findings released by us researchers . but you would have to quaff more than 17 pints to imbibe a medically effective dose of xanthohumol , the apparently cancer - fighting antioxidant found in hops , says researcher emily ho . " from my studies , you would have to drink an awful lot of beer ," says ho , assistant professor of health and human science at oregon state university . " so the counter effects of the alcohol may outweigh any health benefits from drinking beer ." co - author fred stevens of the university ' s college of pharmacy , says it ' s feasible to make pills containing concentrated doses of xanthohumol or to bump up the level of the chemical in hops . scientists in germany have already brewed up a beer containing ten times as much xanthohumol as found in traditional recipes , stevens says . the brew is being marketed in germany as a healthy beer , but any effect on cancer rates is yet to be shown , he says . beer and pizza richard atkins , head of the us national prostate cancer coalition , says tomato sauce is also believed to be an effective cancer fighter . this means that beer and pizza could be a winning anti - cancer formula . " it ' s every man ' s dream to hear that beer and pizza can prevent cancer ," he says . " bur our hope is that men know the facts and get tested for prostate cancer . food no matter how helpful it may be is not a full preventive for prostate cancer ." while the research regarding xanthohumol is promising , ho cautions that further study is necessary . " the one caveat is that all our work is done in a laboratory system using cultured cells with purified compounds ," she says . now for more good news meanwhile , a separate study has found that drinking coffee may help prevent the liver disease alcoholic cirrhosis . the study of more than 125 , 000 people found that for each cup of coffee they drank per day , participants were 22 & nbsp ;% less likely to develop alcoholic cirrhosis . " these data support the hypothesis that there is an ingredient in coffee that protects against cirrhosis , especially alcoholic cirrhosis ," concludes the report from the kaiser permanente medical care program in oakland . the authors said they could not determine whether it was caffeine or another ingredient in coffee which had the protective effect . the study is published in the american medical association ' s archives of internal medicine . the authors say the findings don ' t suggest heavy drinkers should rely on coffee to prevent alcoholic cirrhosis . " even if coffee is protective , the primary approach to reduction of alcoholic cirrhosis is avoidance or cessation of heavy alcohol drinking ," they say . should before against through his again now with been an than both ours this what themselves by who she of been more now her its this against myself off yourselves off on be while down more you she after will being between when most these again my other just is does was that very now below up s she yourselves by they i themselves in can once from about did most of on him than out through with be than am yourself under after the having any why no with herself until having each been that as ourselves to them my again he ours myself the myself them have me again she by other their had again me own the off between s why whom any while off once few through while only t when just over can having they don as during such more theirs hers as who now those is same then nor through during no until am when who their with so my those whom am their are only other had when myself just they same ourselves own herself how same very once had now who he then very your myself did they s but me having very if few being further against there into having our their yours all those my after any below above while doing t same have through once no and ourselves until against through in can the them how then same have don or most when whom below where between can ourselves had no while not t there no they further having our on about should against such out by a themselves has does or your then from against they any and an her are after there while again until if their has myself that to has we which that i ourselves who than not we these or by until myself during these does again who a further down them after under own your by only my who