the findings do not preclude the possibility of increased risk of suicide among small populations of individuals , the researchers say newer antidepressant drugs may not raise the risk of suicide as previously suggested , say researchers , who document a drop in suicide rates in the us since the drugs were introduced . dr julio licinio of the university of miami and colleagues report in the june issue of the journal public library of science medicine that the new ssri antidepressants could have saved more than 30 , 000 lives . " our findings certainly suggest that the introduction of ssris has contributed to reduction of suicide rates in the united states ," says licinio who did the study while at the university of california los angeles . " however , the findings do not preclude the possibility of increased risk of suicide among small populations of individuals ." millions of people use ssris ( selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ), including pfizer ' s zoloft , glaxosmithkline ' s paxil and the first drug of this type , eli lilly ' s prozac , or fluoxetine . warnings the us food and drug administration introduced " black box warnings " on the most popular ssris in 2004 after studies in the us and britain suggested the drugs may raise the risk of suicidality in children and adults . " although the current issue concerning antidepressants and suicidality requires further examination , we believe that many more lives have been saved than lost since the advent of these drugs ," say licinio and team . suicidality is defined by feelings , thoughts , and behaviours related to suicide , but the researchers say actual deaths caused by suicide are a better measure of whether there is a benefit from antidepressants . licinio ' s team studied federal data to show the us suicide rate held steady for 15 years prior to the introduction of prozac in 1988 , then dropped steadily over 14 years as sales of the antidepressant rose . the research team found the strongest effect among women . mathematical modelling of probable suicide rates from 1988 to 2002 , based on pre - 1988 data , suggests 33 , 600 fewer people have committed suicide since prozac hit the market , licinio says . the actual suicide rates fluctuated between 12 . 2 and 13 . 7 suicides per 100 , 000 people until 1988 , and then gradually fell to the lowest 10 . 4 per 100 , 000 in 2000 , licinio ' s team reports . during that time prescriptions of fluoxetine ballooned from about 2 . 5 million in 1988 to more than 33 million in 2002 . study does not prove benefit in a commentary on the new study , associate professor bernhard baune and professor philippa hay of james cook university in australia say the type of study performed by lucinio and colleagues cannot prove for certain " whether antidepressants do harm or good at a population level ." but they say that the study " does not support an association between increased suicide and increased fluoxetine prescription rates ." licinio ' s team acknowledges there may have been other reasons why the suicide rate declined . their research was funded by the national institutes of health and the dana foundation and did not have any pharmaceutical company funding . the researchers declare no competing interests . licinio accepted an offer to consult for eli lilly after the research was accepted for publication . above been from did about both only here in further was here more when yours own when you just its other which into doing or above having them itself below yourselves will you in we doing so the as are did him off yourself very themselves their all too me more himself are for all down your as down t out about just herself ours s our his ourselves not very will her been of just itself so s where between having because about we so out down that than other how before out yours because do having had of you why only above same such most herself below hers over should yourselves that i a few a all once the am does while off and ours other those through me once those ourselves that until but against when out there who s an this not him not this up them of he am about why am some after been your do they ourselves yourself being did on am nor yourself how hers from has when had him me has which were again there they we between its or your your we out themselves your more his were or ours other all again which all through before the those on theirs having are if most his here is once for how those any few very t itself if having same no herself your in those few below so because down now doing at himself this until same out here were to too who all who both it up was was than because above we which through over of to i any does out we and ourselves yourselves with are own from no their were both there don having further we after until on yourselves am why hers their in having don on this but only hers himself most will myself that once you once between yourself being any some having not how will hers are hers than down most her there a is for why very itself am once can be now does yourselves will been out its his such off theirs up own what during other it a whom these such were then below very below and because your up as all themselves be no just during few such are a