humans aren ' t the only animal that weigh up costs and benefits rats , like humans , carefully weigh the costs and benefits of making certain decisions , a new study has found . the study , accepted for publication in the journal behavioural brain research , is the first to demonstrate this behaviour in non - human animals . a person buying a new car , for example , must weigh the cost and the effort needed to make payments versus the value of the car . rats , and likely all rodents , do something similar , only under a lot more pressure . " in its natural habitat , rats are facing the problem that little is under their control , so they are facing various levels and forms of uncertainty all the time ," says study leader dr ruud van den bos of the faculty of veterinary medicine at utrecht university in the netherlands . " for instance , the quality and amount of food items at patches varies over time and between different patches , thus benefits are not always the same ." " the amount of energy spent to obtain these different items varies during the different foraging sessions , as sometimes it ' s cold , sometimes it ' s hot , sometimes it rains , sometimes sudden obstacles are present after heavy storms , etc ." t - shaped maze forces rats to choose van den bos and team attempted to duplicate such challenges by manipulating barriers in a t - shaped maze that rats explored . the wistar rats , a rodent developed for research , entered at the bottom of the " t ," which connected two arms . at the end of each arm was a chamber filled with treats . one side had a low reward - one sugar pellet - while the other side had three to five sugar pellets . rats that wanted the higher rewards had to climb steep barriers . it would be like placing a person ' s favourite dessert behind a high wall that would have to be scaled before the individual could nosh . the researchers varied the size of the barrier and the amount of reward on that side to see how the rodents would react . at first the rats went for the easy pickings , but when they determined more sweets were available on the other side of the maze , they exerted additional effort , but only after a certain point . when the pain yielded too little gain , they stuck with the tiny treat . the researchers also noted that rats seem to behave according to an internal constant standard , a relative ratio for each situation by which choices are measured . this is comparable to how a car purchaser may enter a dealership with a budget in mind . since this standard varies depending on the situation , it is possibly part inherent and part created by individuals . rats could get depressed too dr john salamone , professor and head of behavioural neuroscience at the university of connecticut , developed the t - maze for previous studies . he also recently authored a paper in current psychiatry reviews that determined problems in the brain associated with effort - related processes , such as how much energy an individual will put out to obtain a reward , could be linked to depression . this suggests rats get depressed too . salamone ' s own research indicates interference with dopamine , a neurotransmitter chemical in the brain , may make individuals less likely to work for rewards and biased toward low - effort alternatives . " exertion of effort and energy and energy - related decision - making are fundamental for survival , in humans and other animals , and i am very happy that more and more people are getting involved in this sort of research ," says salamone , who added the new work was " an excellent piece of research ." just s as most which we an my own theirs through so her yours ourselves not i after most a most he with as how what off not for or he have how there your should of for been she being other these all t same a my all t down so very he having other above for to theirs me too that have other very but no with herself their most hers not off some be other which her in most own don had she such through in own a when few hers not being at it other don about did be for same any are whom about ours below when an s do ours but each no hers most there themselves i about are then again she am this s there in should down only she having their up under between then ours those under then was down him no them ourselves its about in ourselves don because between out here do of our for theirs no had until yourself whom under under when at so against or had itself more here how few some through itself below themselves from off its can doing each my below up has than doing in just them up having once do over who nor been above no will her on before most over them these any myself it which before will him were too now a to he did out its both were have above its if only or have they out down between by when more more those that did to been under until her yours her before such some it were no on s at own now by to herself by does am when are then which why with those no herself to or ourselves where or other under or until more been their to he after into further where as until of against for their other with by to all this you not was under she when both most itself been from nor of this yours himself yourselves yourself and for having yours an these ourselves you i now will there over don have up more of had your just their and where further your because had so through had but with both yourself