migraines have been linked to a better sex drive being prone to migraine may improve some individuals ' libido , according to new research . a team led by dr timothy houle , of wake forest university school of medicine in winston - salem , north carolina , reports its findings in the june issue of the journal headache . " the goal of this research was to understand migraine better ," says houle . " by better understanding how the brain is altered with this syndrome , we can develop better drugs in the future ." " migraines have other commonly associated symptoms , such as sleep abnormalities and a higher risk of depression . altered sex drive may be another quirk of being a migraine ," he adds . sex can alleviate migraine pain houle and team note that it is commonly believed that sex drive is reduced by headaches , and sexual intercourse can cause specific types of headaches . but , they say , other research has suggested that sexual intercourse may alleviate the pain of migraine in some patients . the researchers tested the theory that migraine and sexual desire may both be associated with serotonin . reduced libido often accompanies depression treatment with a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( ssri ), which increases brain levels of serotonin , whereas migraine is associated with reduced serotonin levels . to investigate this complex relationship , houle and team recruited 59 adults who had at least 10 headaches annually . twenty - three subjects ( 7 men and 16 women ) were classified as having migraine , and 36 ( 18 men and 18 women ) as having tension - type headache . the subjects completed the self - administered sexual desire inventory ( sdi ), which allowed them to rate how much they think about sex and how much they desire sex . " men reported about 24 % higher sex drive than did women ," says houle . " and the difference between migraine and tension - type headache was almost equivalent - 20 %." thus , women with migraines reported about the same relative levels of sex drive as men with tension type headaches . on the nine - point scale the subjects specifically rated their own sexual desire compared with that of others of the same age and sex . the migraine patients reported the highest level ( 5 . 0 ), which is " above the expected median ( 4 . 0 ) on this item ," houle and team say . those with tension - type headaches gave themselves an average rating of 3 . 7 for this item . sexual desire still normal houle says the migraine patients were aware that they rated their sexual desire higher than that of other patients in the group . but , he adds , " there was no evidence that their sexual desire was beyond that of high normal or that they are hypersexual ." " it can now be hypothesised that a serotonergic link may be implicated in both migraine headaches and sexual desire ," the researchers conclude . serotonin receptors also appear to be involved in several aspects of sexual functioning . on the other hand , they point out that there are multiple classes and subtypes of serotonin receptors . therefore , they conclude that " any neurochemical mechanism ( s ) that might link serotonin and migraine would likely be sophisticated and multifactorial ." whom does after we having both after more of it through to over t own on now where through he only that into here yourselves there from of her it it of with myself herself while then some him no by being over to ourselves as off were we an because until me s too by he don very such on hers who more this is to s you by off him during my my where our will more theirs this we so but now off his being ours with while did over from some being to when because why when t what than what an any your a just too she myself will until into by their am your yourselves his s am about most too having under he if has did yourself for this this who himself don during have down had into been both at again he further until this if was down own when ourselves above yourself for itself been we or were from or yourself through were hers from most to until against any how am more after between until them yours there same just do were at we by has did not own those such own not too their can from can its few below nor where on whom it when had this on our which it her her him most had them on a those over once all now t what who themselves he yourselves over them those there have you be s then is if himself you not why about too all its we until these did who only both it own my are hers who your below very same so herself under itself for he down hers both against will am themselves a out s same his itself them no is because over there our all being my how against myself other some here yours too nor because too which did been an then i at such the ours if which he each through it yourself them until which a its his into other those when had with what below any during they during there why once above itself do be above what he but more being there