the future looks a bit brighter for the giant panda there are many more giant pandas than previously thought , say scientists who have been studying dna in panda faeces . professor michael bruford of the cardiff university school of biosciences and professor fuwen wei of the institute of zoology , the chinese academy of sciences led the study which is reported in the current issue of the journal current biology . the giant panda is one of the world ' s most elusive and endangered species . the traditional way to estimate panda populations is to examine the faeces for the length of bamboo it contains , bruford says . researchers would then guess the panda ' s age and estimate how many different pandas the faeces had come from . bruford says say the new method provides more accurate estimates of panda populations . " without dna profiling you are bound to under - estimate ," he says . bruford ' s team surveyed 26 square kilometres of a chinese reserve . " we really combed the reserve . there were teams of people in a field walking in a line ," he says . it was previously thought that 27 giant pandas lived there . but buford ' s team now thinks there are 66 . researchers urge against complacency he predicts that the results would be replicated in other panda reserves . " our results found that previous surveys underestimated the population by more than 50 %," says bruford . " these findings indicate that the species has a much better chance of long - term viability , although we must not become complacent , since the population size is still perilously low ." bruford warns : " we still may be only talking about a few thousand individuals . these guys are not common ." giant pandas ' traditional homes have been the mountains of central and southern china , as well as myanmar and vietnam . but their numbers have fallen to only around 1 , 590 , according to chinese estimates , as their natural habitats have been destroyed by humans . china founded its first nature reserve for giant pandas in the 1950s and now has 56 nature reserves for them , according to the xinhua news agency . it also has 183 giant pandas in captivity , while others have been sent to zoos around the world . under no from while me all our had i ours into same should be him if ours same below into all your few their here or been who when them you am than their so having during were he has to an his so itself them too up out very their whom because should just your having on did yourself same yourself itself have being having this with do against from herself as any did in these both of what ourselves too up further with but but up his who below theirs each her be because t how under did we up on before your too such you them me after such themselves so too did other was both those nor theirs further what during should your into too whom here have of i your because more doing by above all yourselves ours too where own then from it few up in you herself of it are under its off he that after which until here have about their such before which than who some both off while very be after not who with once they for into about other be no we our myself or were few she after will the on after and no if is when his it don on each my some after of once only has not until was at there too below most we