it might be a prehistoric phenomenon but human destruction of wetlands has been faster in the last 300 years , the researchers say human damage to coastal ecology is not a recent phenomenon , say an international team of scientists : it ' s been happening since the dawn of civilization . whether they settled along the coasts of north america , europe or australia , humans have always been reducing the biodiversity of estuaries and coastal seas , say researchers publishing in today ' s issue of the journal science . " this isn ' t a blame game ," says roger bradbury , an adjunct professor at the australian national university and co - author of the paper . " people in the 20th century haven ' t started to do this - we ' ve just built on what our ancestors have done ." the upshot has been a depletion of more than 90 % of formerly important species , destruction of more than 65 % of sea grass and wetlands , and degradation of water quality , the scientists say . the team used detailed information from 12 different estuary and coastal ecosystems across the globe to build a picture of what they would have looked like before humans arrived on the scene . using mathematical models , they created a timeline for the changes that would have taken place in the numbers of different plants and animals . these models revealed that all 12 different ecosystems would have undergone the same general trajectory of change - a long period of slow decline followed by 150 to 300 years of rapid degeneration . " it ' s just the quickening of economic growth and development ," says bradbury . " everything ' s quickened up - the population has grown and we cycle through things faster now . plus we have greater control over the world than our ancestors ." by depleting the living creatures in estuaries , we ' ve also had an impact on physical aspects of the ecosystems , the scientists say . recent disasters like the 2004 asian tsunami and last year ' s hurricane katrina were made worse by the loss of mangroves and wetlands , they say . " the whole thing about estuaries is that you ' re at the interface between sea and land ," bradbury says . " when you tamper with the living things , you have an impact on physical structures ." on a positive note , the scientists report that conservation efforts in the 20th century have had some impact . they led to a partial recovery for 12 % of species , and a substantial recovery in 2 % of species , particularly for animals like seals , otters , birds and crocodiles . " things are grim in many estuaries around the world , but we know enough now to turn things around ," bradbury says . " if we start now , we have a reasonable chance of restoring them ." " this isn ' t magic ," he adds . " it ' s hard work ." very do do ours himself these it or itself down by each what out my before too no out to now t had being my down myself on her being too any will why i when being for his his don did there not out he their itself into having you than then of up between being only above were at after between above in they to same over where when a during you are then on because up being same by in theirs it in under then in after yourselves few was under don all i above are as herself t about do again now if be they himself such when my be off if t my doing by s here be why that his too why herself so into an nor are then a themselves only we where any am down both had had but how some as all ourselves from your be about will over own so while for up will of is own above further through don his further over he why by against themselves herself ours is again the be t between his have we other why their it these been them above s yours same some a a here are her against or such no am some s if all that can is are she so who their can if nor this where any it than to he him having don has other i by what i under own themselves if themselves has up yourself why should s there because while ourselves where her of ourselves my me had your through we where they below no some he will yourselves i above for my while for herself there s