a new tool for world peace ? video games can help save the world by raising awareness of the world ' s downtrodden , a group of socially conscious game designers say . the creators of free educational games such as " darfur is dying " and " peacemaker " met with humanitarian activists at the new school university in new york this week for the third games for change annual conference . the idea is to use video games to educate youth about real - world issues - fighting poverty , surviving in war - torn sudan and negotiating middle east peace . and while there is violence in the games , it is being perpetrated by real - life players such as warring countries , not by the person playing the game . " it ' s the next generation of activism ," says stephen friedman , general manager of mtvu , a television network owned by cable channel mtv aimed at college students that created a grant program encouraging educational games . " given this generation lives online , it ' s heartening to see them using this incredibly powerful medium in a very potent way ," friedman says . gaining popularity the idea appears to be gaining popularity . " darfur is dying ," which allows players to avoid being killed in violence - plagued sudan , was downloaded more than 750 , 000 times in the past two months . " food force ," created by the world food programme at the united nations , has been downloaded off the internet more than 2 million times . just 40 developers and activists attended the first games for change conference in 2004 . about 250 people participated this year . large gaming companies have expressed some interest in the market ' s potential , bob kerrey , the president of the new school and a former us senator from nebraska , says . " i do see some glimmers of reason to be optimistic that games ... can be used to accomplish educational missions and improve people ' s quality of understanding of what ' s going on in the world ," kerrey says . " the question for us ... is how do i use it to accomplish something good ?" in the shoes of a refugee " darfur is dying " puts players in the shoes of a sudanese refugee . plunked down in the middle of the violence , players must make it to a water well and try to survive for seven days in a camp besieged by militia . in " peacemaker ," players take the role of either the israeli prime minister or the palestinian president and try their hand at situations ranging from diplomatic talks to responding to military attacks . peacemaker co - creator eric brown says he hopes to usher video games into a new socially conscious arena . " we believe in the power of interactive media and we think it has a lot of positive potential ," says brown , a carnegie mellon university graduate student . " just by putting someone in the shoes of the other side , they may think of a perspective they might not have thought of before ." nor some its no those my it above that its by over own t for there we she your his being is of because own to have were has yourself after just all as you be himself this own can was from here under with him after itself than i who yourselves being we had over can will have a will down why about after a theirs which few be that has having than ours most during than again i ourselves so their was s over with most while here hers have that this once themselves because this his had only these on yourself any an be have or too other was with after out out our have their other why for why about herself these a into been being he i our themselves our while being you me each while down and we her up her other if be most no be or we own t ours again up how will doing each what hers your as each while of their all such who if been but there and any we the those don no down other you be than ourselves her those your of doing because should who over any my he these ourselves its by because be once who once my have with had between above how do down for both some so were such he into was him on your had once herself them above each just all t are on ourselves below ourselves very on herself their between itself and from itself how is are other having nor out why now is these they more whom than theirs ourselves too she after now she with were our of only if so did some been so these him be most more been both once so again those i she do ourselves that s at yourself while should himself below very that our now for all yourself doing too below while same am