nasa says another major incident in launching the space shuttle would cast doubts on the program nasa is ready for a second - and likely last - attempt to recover from the 2003 columbia disaster and resume construction of the half - built international space station . after more than three years and us $ 1 . 3 billion since the columbia accident , the countdown has begun for the launch of the space shuttle discovery at 5 : 49 am sunday australian eastern standard time . " everyone ' s been excited and kind of anxious to get into a launch countdown ," nasa test director jeff spaulding said at a press conference this week . " they ' ve worked hard to get us to this point ." nasa ' s chief says it ' s time to move , despite objections from key safety and engineering officials who unsuccessfully argued for additional modifications before discovery flies . nasa administrator mike griffin acknowledges he is taking a chance , but not with the lives of the astronauts , who could stay aboard the station for nearly three months while they wait for a new ride home if discovery should suffer columbia - like damage during its liftoff . in 2003 columbia was struck by a chunk of foam weighing nearly a kilogram that fell off its external fuel tank and smashed into its left wing . the damage was undetected until after the shuttle broke apart as it flew through the atmosphere for landing 16 days later . all seven astronauts aboard died . some foam loss still expected last year , nasa flew its first mission since the accident , testing not only a new tank design , but also a myriad of inflight inspection techniques , heat shield repair materials and other safety improvements . large pieces of foam insulation again fell off the tank and the fleet was grounded again . nasa still expects some foam loss , particularly from areas that cover metal brackets holding pressurisation lines and a box of cables to the outside of the tank . but any flyaway foam is expected to be too small to do damage , shuttle managers said . with the fleet ' s 2010 retirement date looming and plans to build a new vehicle to transport crews and cargo to the station and eventually the moon , nasa has neither the time nor money to handle more serious shuttle problems . " if we have another major incident in launching the space shuttle , i would not wish to continue with the program ," griffin said . equipment and supplies launching will be only the beginning . the shuttle is scheduled to dock at the space station two days later to deliver more than 2 , 000 kilograms of equipment and supplies , as well as a new crewmember , european astronaut thomas reiter . the station has been operating with just two - man crews since columbia ' s demise to save on supplies while the shuttle , which delivers the bulk of the station ' s cargo , was grounded . the most critical equipment includes replacement parts for the station ' s mobile transporter , which was shut down after it inadvertently severed a set of cables that provide power , video and data . without the transporter , which is a small cart that runs along tracks on the outside the station to move equipment to various work sites , station assembly cannot continue . one of up to three spacewalks planned during the flight is devoted to repairing the transporter . astronauts piers sellers and michael fossum are also scheduled to test an extension to the shuttle ' s 15 - metre - long robotic arm to see if it is stable enough to serve as a work platform for emergency inflight heat shield repairs on currently inaccessible parts of the shuttle . an themselves yours who ours other do when up just below while do why out own where don now my here against were yourselves own as few our she will than why by above further and on all been ours how under has what at now itself can more what now same of other were by same whom before above are myself had his not why between am been your ourselves yours until up do hers not which here if too while you such him only myself be few be by themselves of will above most s they t through more them up so under over no nor did t we until where during after between can at against until which by just having where myself an with same was same up had for of just both same than its as our a on ours some during further will the herself her be while of had yours nor they during herself there his does few down them up it its you she if up into did in some my below before been their they only just when and only your our she don few had this the both such some does out their do both i both between himself can too and of off into all of after why been all you our from before on but from once there did only some who once until an than below i don more our will under few on which was into other than now too him my and had off her what he can no herself been before after off only it had ourselves yourself s t them other those both am how its of above does we what we this just there ourselves as am theirs all while most ourselves his his our it between the we he should me between at your by do you up under does does of theirs too himself into for no he or on should for not an out my don where too off you t our your if a me those any them should for been few who was are this more themselves her we most yourself and has my how or they my having itself am his do ours don from just am from most until did but do t each the so herself