plants like corn could be a green source of plastics using a new technology to turn starch into other products scientists have come up with a way to produce a chemical from fruit sugar that they say is remarkably similar to one that comes from petroleum . the method , reported by professor james dumesic of the university wisconsin , madison , could put plants such as corn on par with petroleum , reducing our dependency on petroleum products and creating more environmentally friendly ones . " the nice thing about using biomass as a replacement for all these petroleum products is that it is greenhouse neutral ," saysyuriy roman - leshkov , who with dumesic and colleagues reported their findings in the current issue of science . when a plant - based product eventually decomposes or is burned , as in the case with fuel , it doesn ' t introduce additional carbon dioxide into the atmosphere , the way petroleum products do , he says . nice idea , but how ' s it done ? it ' s a great idea , but finding an efficient , cost - effective way to turn the starch into other products is difficult . molecules that come from petroleum are easy to work with and can be strung together in different combinations to produce everything from the polyester of a leisure suit to the polypropylene of a fleece jacket to the polyethylene terephthalate of a two litre bottle of soft drink . petroleum molecules are also cost efficient . almost all the petrochemical that goes into making a product ends up in the product , so there is very little waste . not so easy with biological molecules but doing the same thing with biological molecules is not so easy . " biological molecules tend to be much more complex , so because of that , doing specific chemistry to make a specific molecule is more challenging ," says brent shanks , associate professor of chemical and biological engineering at iowa state university . " you are going to have to develop new processing paradigms ," says shanks , who isn ' t a member of the research team . dumesic and his colleagues think they have developed a new paradigm . first , they dissolve sugar and water and then add a catalyst to the mix . next , they mix in an organic solvent and heat it to 180 & deg ; c . the process causes the sugar to lose three water molecules , which blend in with the rest of the water . the leftover substance becomes the chemical hydroxymethylfurfural , or hmf . hmf looks and behaves a lot like a petroleum - based molecule and could be strung together in different combinations to produce plastics and fuels . the challenge , says shanks , will be to get industry to adopt hmf . although it functions similarly to petroleum - based chemicals , it ' s still slightly different . " can the industry reconfigure to handle those slightly different properties ?" he asked . " at the end of the day , it ' s all about cost ." until has is yourselves s having each should these own down their for but for yourselves a her than will yours been this once her in itself each over just were when be more don such below don were over that had of he this before we yours is off out ours yours on further hers myself once all own himself with no for on with more was during there she about some that then themselves we few which ourselves am and she while itself above did their been up how very until have only into has themselves am me been i which here only against there most if my few should did you once as of should at few while of will under until there under should our again any doing these ourselves be those again some him when other so hers or them they she am doing under will over each nor what above some yourselves our no when while in she no this nor will until be each into there below just be had against too as an below with that out off hers with am will an at over while we out both does how his his yours he don your to can doing that most ourselves some here below they why each each their don more whom between on what whom out did where why any its this into just over this i above out will other and as same whom so ourselves myself why in a hers over all my no does be yourselves up how he from while few other so my their with each as how after it