the telescope , a prototype of which is seen here , will use tiles to gather radio waves from the early universe an innovative radio telescope made up of square tiles instead of conventional dish antennas will be built in outback western australia to study what switched on the first stars . the mileura widefield array , which will cover an area 1 . 5 kilometres in diameter , will use 500 six metre square ' tiles ' to gather radio signals from its site in the mid - west of the state . the array will operate at low frequencies to ' see through ' the neutral hydrogen , which is opaque to optical light , that filled the early universe . " less than a billion years after the big bang something happened to ionise the neutral hydrogen so that the universe became transparent as it is today ," says dr brian boyle , director of csiro ' s australia telescope national facility . " the question is what ? was it massive stars , quasars , black holes ? we don ' t know . but by looking at the primordial constituents of the gas and how it has been ionised we will be able to derive some important limits ." the array is being built by australian and us partners as part of the preparation for the square kilometre array ( ska ), a huge international radio telescope scheduled for operation in 2020 . " the ska will require a number of different front - end antennas to cover a wide frequency range ," says boyle , and the mileura array will cover the low - frequency range . mileura , a uniquely radio - quiet area , is australia ' s proposed base site for the ska , which , if successful , will include antennas as far afield as new zealand . the mileura array will operate at similar wavelengths used for fm radio and television . so , if it was built near a big city , signals would swamp radio signals from space . computer power computing power lies at the heart of the array , which will use modern digital signal processing and clever electronics to turn thousands of small , cheap , fixed dipole antennas into one of the most powerful astronomical instruments in the world . the signals or data from each of the antennas can be combined in different ways , effectively allowing the telescope to ' point ' in any direction although no moving parts are required . until recently , combining and analysing signals collected from multiple antennas , known as interferometry , took time as the recorded data had to be processed centrally . with the mileura array a supercomputer will process the data instantly , in real time . csiro has invested a $ 20 million overall and the us national science foundation has awarded massachusetts institute of technology us $ 4 . 9 million for the construction of the mileura array which will begin in 2008 . other australian partners include a university consortium led by the university of melbourne , which includes the australian national university and curtin university of technology . out by when my after you in into these before itself themselves of on s yourselves how nor such doing yours my then those and against ourselves out its not of doing had my how our are through where don out of should your and itself at so myself all ourselves down myself than with yours some are to you above myself with them about here from do of between this so on then off for me s off on did during this were by we being themselves again once down nor my very such most before during doing where it the same our into was have nor such himself as during of were your doing only does any nor down himself where up our have t his once after few by don does because yours why am doing i having they are these below against will all such has that each doing you while nor had such by than until what she above now between in once why again you is does should theirs itself with t because more there they should below have be she to through further just or what some that myself with so themselves under now will with or a below s i him but up can here this who between me my into i his an myself few will when what being off own by they they once from from these down each more off be under are being above yourself been did off your these which t had more more more hers before how at there is ourselves then so who not not and further about all not until should my that does been no has any is it we once further no your from above too off no been all now his from nor both too me me on when any each between theirs are into yourself here their herself above which further had in any each