scientists are learning more about how baboons communicate and what this means for the evolution of human language a study of how baboons gesture with their hands suggests gesturing may have been a precursor to human language , scientists say . the findings could help to explain why humans often gesture with their hands , and particularly the right hand , when they speak . the right hand is controlled by the brain ' s left hemisphere , which is the source of most linguistic functions . scientists believe communication by hand probably existed in apes 30 million years ago and was a forerunner to spoken and written language . french researchers adrien meguerditchian and professor jacques vauclair studied a particular hand gesture in 60 captive baboons . the gesture consists of quick and repetitive rubbing or slapping of the hand on the ground , and is used to threaten or intimidate others . the researchers , from the university of provence , say this motion " might be comparable in humans to the slap of ... one hand toward the palm of the other hand ". for the study , which is published in the journal behavioural brain research , the researchers observed this gesture as it occurred naturally . they also triggered it by having a human abruptly shake his head and then glance at a baboon . head shaking is another threatening move in the ape and monkey world , which includes all sorts of communicative gestures . " a nonhuman primate can effectively raise an arm to ask a social partner to groom it ... give another a little slap as an invitation to play , touch furtively the hand or genitals of another to greet it , slap the ground to threaten ," the researchers say . right hand , left hand among the baboons in the test group that favoured a certain hand , 78 % were right - handed and tended to gesture with this hand . other studies have shown that most human babies and deaf individuals also communicate with their right hands . " there is little chance that our [ primate ] cousins will evolve language skills in the near future ," the researchers say . " monkeys and apes and their specific communication systems result from other evolutionary roads than those of humans ... it is very unlikely that the natural selection for primate species will reproduce exactly the same phylogenetic path that gave linguistic skills to humans ." like chimps william hopkins , a us psychology professor at berry college and an expert on the evolution of brain development in primates , says : " i agree with the findings and think this is a very good and interesting paper . in many ways the results are nearly identical to those we have previously found in chimpanzees ." he explains that both chimps and baboons seem to use right - hand gestures for communication . this suggests the brain is asymmetrical when it comes to language , meaning that the left hemisphere tends to dominate . " it will be interesting to see whether the asymmetries in hand use seen in the baboon link at all to brain asymmetries as we have found in the chimpanzees ," hopkins adds . at which than any between during will under once then each all i into only most up ours these we because so themselves below here because how both below off whom most her did been which with or he ourselves between at this the that you some than did itself is them but own how and them most whom should by ours them too into here just when my for this at those don what they about out should can any than i yourself my than most my on has is any between should yours over where our a from about in no but her were whom s be this his and was your had have be these am once have only against will more my for was once then because is when as too some other how when the if yourselves ourselves whom that him off theirs being any as what those or through from herself itself after this after into have while during before what with some down other not to an there should doing who me further himself himself he had herself up her and out through other has and too of be nor from both for before before yours him her over from himself few her after again at then than below am few so they over their itself or before theirs out me being me me this has him did some just further her do who yourself an yourself down where it all the her above than or ours nor before that me ourselves itself himself which t a doing yourselves when against ours hers being the than is been his as this