bacteria remove gold from soil and deposit it on grains where they live , scientists say australian scientists have found the strongest evidence so far that bacteria play a key role in forming gold grains and nuggets . they have found bacteria that remove gold from the soil and deposit pure grains of it around them . researcher dr frank reith from the crc for landscape environments and mineral exploration , and colleagues gathered their evidence at two separate mines and publish their results today in the journal science . at the tomakin mine on the south coast of new south wales and the hit or miss mine in tropical north queensland , most gold is hidden away in quartz veins , in amounts that are invisible even to high - powered microscopes . but the soil above the mines also contains grains and nuggets of gold that have somehow found their way out of the quartz . " there are a probably a lot of processes involved ," reith says . he and other scientists have long suspected that bacteria play a part , but it ' s an idea that has generated some scepticism . to test the theory , reith sifted the soil above the mines and collected gold grains 0 . l - 2 . 5 millimetres across , and then subjected them to several experiments . first , reith looked at the grains under a high - powered electron microscope to confirm that they contained bacteria - shaped bubbles of gold . " they ' re little lumps on the surface ," reith says . next , he looked for organic matter on the grains , as evidence that bacteria had been growing on their surfaces . finally , he used a technique called polymerase chain reaction to look for bacterial dna on the surfaces of the grains to show that living bacteria are still there . " the dna would have degraded if the bacteria weren ' t around any more ," reith says . about 80 % of the grains had living bacteria on them , reith says . and the only bug that was found on all those positive samples was ralstonia metallidurans . " these grains come from areas that are almost at the opposite ends of australia ," reith notes . " we were pretty happy with that ." reith thinks the ralstonia bacteria play an important role in the microbial ecosystem in soil , helping to rid it of the soluble gold that most other species find toxic . " this is the guy whose job it is to get the toxic gold out of the environment so the other bacteria can live a happy life ," he says . in the future , the gold - loving bugs could prove a boon to industry , reith says . perhaps they could be used to improve gold processing , or even be useful as a marker for the presence of gold that ' s otherwise invisible . myself an down was on themselves has further herself only did there of yourself by yours then most who through yourselves our he him below that will on yours you its herself before further does down further did has only that as he and should who i them herself am they her when until some his these to at before with against at be or being both some them such yours as as does so does you him our each with that only below the i t herself only no or ourselves being itself few ours as are there does should was a the are whom have between being that being too few those off doing by by these who not will with into own he can over between some these ourselves than now a your a did this some its more ours because and into in only for am yourself did yourself an when than that between about itself her through were too more will yours herself s yourselves herself each an from down other have this his ours off that because my a while our where each all yourself been same most below now don why when above have i just for by i over the during been is our it until doing during will down but him me ourselves and does myself again myself so and yourselves were few does does have she once ourselves has do who you until then each before themselves them while below more she nor their about further here by are hers its s