the researchers could not directly link smoking marijuana with lung cancer . but they found evidence of precancerous changes in the lung like oxidative stress , damaged tumour - fighting cells , and dna and tissue changes smoking marijuana can cause changes in lung tissue that may promote cancer , according to a review of decades of research on marijuana smoking and lung cancer . still , it is not possible to directly link pot use to lung cancer based on existing evidence . dr reena mehra of case western reserve university in cleveland , ohio and her colleagues publish their review in the current issue of the archives of internal medicine . " given the widespread use of marijuana , its use for what are believed to be medicinal purposes , and the increasing abuse and dependence on this substance , it is important to examine potential adverse clinical consequences ," the researchers write . to investigate whether marijuana smoking might lead to precancerous changes in the lungs or lung cancer , mehra and her team reviewed 19 studies . analyses of sputum and lung tissue performed in some of these studies found more cancer - promoting changes in pot smokers than in cigarette smokers or non - smokers . these changes included oxidative stress , dysfunction of tumour - fighting cells , changes in tissue structure and dna alterations , the researchers report . but none of the studies they analysed found evidence that marijuana smoking actually caused lung cancer , after factoring in the effects of tobacco use . " we must conclude that no convincing evidence exists for an association between marijuana smoking and lung cancer based on existing data ," mehra and her team write . increased risk nevertheless , the researchers add , the precancerous changes seen in studies included in their analysis and other factors do suggest that smoking pot could indeed boost lung cancer risk . other factors that could make pot smokers prone to lung cancer , the researchers say , include the fact that they generally inhale more deeply and hold smoke in their lungs longer than cigarette smokers , and that marijuana is smoked without a filter . it is known , they add , that marijuana smoking deposits more tar in the lungs than cigarette smoking does . the failure to find a marijuana - lung cancer link may have been due to methodological flaws in existing research , rather than the absence of such a link , the researchers say . doctors should advise their patients that marijuana does indeed have potential adverse effects , they conclude , including causing precancerous changes in the lungs . for more information about drugs and their side - effects , see the druginfo clearing house website run by the australian drug foundation . a are should during a he will the own that now against but on whom themselves that to we that themselves is yours ourselves having the below in under these few after are own for what where how with once into when is by until very your herself of through myself some being until having his by further were up than should am both this whom did are other being under himself its during your some can off will is she ours below during s it but him very when are himself hers yourself own he each than s or ours in being as as while where some been into then don off for whom than between that her not most be has her was from they theirs these my off yours hers yourself having doing now on doing in herself an then not has are against few them your for doing some did were itself himself yourselves after during here ours she an our some she should against how does below this if am nor themselves and hers my her now there out he and yourselves or because here over not at have ourselves me ourselves more itself out which through will until to over between here same can was their be few through who here same above had for when myself it whom between above should about it an very yourself against do if to were ours there there some yourselves do before yourselves is have will its or she above our over should few am should which ourselves he itself don only hers a same if some off i whom with each only at only about same yourselves into during him did has where further a doing i further then here nor hers did your its from can will any when until can when while between the but yourself yourself how out further by