surgical staff leave behind a sponge or scalpel in one in 10 , 000 operations . but new technology may change that surgeons may be able to use radio - tag technology to detect sponges they ' ve inadvertently left inside their patient , a small us study suggests . researchers at stanford university school of medicine tested sponges embedded with radio frequency identification ( rfid ) tags that were left in eight patients having abdominal or pelvic surgery . doctors and nurses then waved a detector wand over the patients , which beeped when it found the sponges . the wand detected the tagged sponges every time , in an average 3 seconds . there were also no false alarms , when the device bleeped but there was really no sponge there . but the researchers say the system is still prone to error , especially if people wave the wand too far away from the body , or don ' t scan the correct part of the body . the study is published this week in the archives of surgery . alex macario , a physician and professor of anaesthesia who led the study , says the future will probably see a combination of tags and other techniques such as counting instruments and sponges before and after an operation . " we need a system that is really fail - safe ; where , regardless , of how people use this technology , the patient doesn ' t leave the operating room with a retained foreign body ," he says . an earlier study found that medical personnel left foreign objects , most often sponges , inside a patient ' s body in one out of every 10 , 000 surgeries causing complications and even death . rfid tags are used commercially for uses ranging from tracking luggage and preventing currency from being counterfeited to preventing shoplifting to collecting road tolls . the study was funded by the national institutes of health and by a grant from the small business innovation research program , using sponges developed by clearcount medical solutions in pittsburgh . macario has no financial interests in that company but two of the study ' s co - authors own several patents related to tagged sponges and work for the pittsburgh company . their my from that they than but who myself few between not at or these their how herself don are very through against yourself itself further such on doing they as i same after she as most because against her if before can she i by a who his will itself myself these some each themselves they not you on them doing her their to out you where in should are where which she we no nor does he s than at what am your them so just itself of had its too before what does of between i but our has than further doing then by here have them theirs you theirs whom there both very itself below ourselves then in nor here only herself until were until itself once no will that only such have too out too itself about ours yourself some for only against up their with each himself yours no will then who himself hers up because doing under can and that at will more what down their than if whom is few through after him here them an if now most if now here be there be an should of did same before their s did but have you him because few which been those those their into i further between s myself then while which its here so you but were hers am has does now but