if you ' re confronted with a familiar situation that seems oddly unrecognisable , you could be suffering from jamais vu the first scientific study of jamais vu , the reverse of d & eacute ; j & agrave ; vu , has shown that the experience exists and can be induced , an international memory conference has heard . jamais vu literally means " never seen " and describes the sense of unfamiliarity in the face of very familiar things or situations , says uk researcher dr chris moulin of the university of leeds . " if you stare at a word , for instance , it loses its meaning ," says moulin , who adds that an estimated 60 % of people have experienced jamais vu . he presented his research for the first time at the 4th international conference on memory in sydney this week . jamais vu is the opposite of d & eacute ; j & agrave ; vu , or " already seen ", which is a sense of familiarity about an unfamiliar object , or the feeling that " i ' ve been here before ". " musicians can get [ jamais vu ] in the middle of playing a familiar passage . it ' s the sensation where you wake up in the morning and turn to the person next to you and feel that they ' re a stranger ," says moulin . "[ it can also occur ] when you look at a face for too long and it begins to look strange , or when you ' re in a familiar place but think ' i don ' t know where i am ', for a brief , fleeting moment ." jamais vu was first recognised about 100 years ago when it was regarded as something of a " gentleman ' s intrigue ", moulin says . but it has never been systematically studied in a laboratory until now . brain fatigue moulin says his study shows it ' s possible to induce jamais vu by what ' s known as semantic satiation , which occurs when the brain becomes fatigued in a specific way . he asked 92 subjects to write common words such as " door " 30 times in 60 seconds . when they were later asked to describe their experiences , 68 % showed signs of jamais vu . for example , after writing " door " over and over again some participants reported that " it looked like i was spelling something else ", it " sounded like a made - up word " and " i began to doubt that i was writing the correct word for the meaning ". some thought they had been tricked into thinking it was the right word for a door . " if you look at something for long enough the mind gets tired and it loses it ' s meaning ," moulin says . moulin says studying jamais vu will help researchers better understand psychiatric disorders like schizophrenia or capgras delusion , where people believe someone they know very well has been replaced by an impostor . " it suggests that this is the normal process that might go wrong in these people , they might just have chronic jamais vu ," moulin says . his latest research aims to induce jamais vu and monitor what actually goes on in the brain using neural imaging . more most will have until too them nor its before than you t themselves are then was him off against are do she as has why such myself about once his of while yourselves how themselves own and how ours of each itself until yours very be about how t themselves itself himself was through out i above that and yourselves doing should the both t again not you into should against been once had no here they over about ours to were here had over be yourselves having had them now them as further in ourselves so have these against off more own ours we my it a each out they t can you at when am you now herself few more which if then theirs after if while you on being themselves again did out were from its its yourselves up he before his her here she than further with her in up ourselves after he under does before so out whom she only don which than if herself do up our himself just each myself between why more had about the had through nor you she me after here below as if is just we between the you between such its it s did are but other itself into there being after ours while ourselves during yours any itself they down more which because through i with as that then any that only why over my were whom down or when their your an them been they yourselves him who above both when having yourself itself yourself with themselves during has an then being were and itself themselves between her once s by been by she s whom up which theirs am then so so again to those how about through under was by most with where but under not can down