tsunami - hit pangandaran beach . the death toll rose towards 300 on tuesday after a strong undersea earthquake triggered a tsunami that smashed into fishing villages and resorts ( reuters / dadang tri ) indonesians fleeing this week ' s tsunami that lashed the south coast of java had no warning , with a countrywide early warning system not due to be in place until 2009 , officials say . plans for such a system in indonesia were drafted in the wake of the devastating 2004 asian tsunami , but only two out of 25 planned sensor buoys have been deployed so far , off sumatra , not java , officials say . " our system is not yet working properly . we are still developing a communication system especially for the regions ," says fauzi , an official working on the early warning project from the meteorology agency in jakarta . he says only two sensor buoys were in place on sumatra but that nothing had yet been installed off java . edi prihantoro , from indonesia ' s ministry of science and technology , says even those two sets of buoys and ocean - bottom pressure sensors , activated off western sumatra last november by indonesian and german scientists , were not working . " according to a grand scenario we will have up to 25 buoys that can monitor ocean phenomena , but until now we have deployed only two buoys . they have some problems and are on land ," he says . the system was slated to be in place by the end of 2008 , he says . a lack of funds to buy and maintain the buoys was delaying the implementation of the system , he says , arguing that not only indonesia should pay for its upkeep . " we still are discussing budget and maintenance . but i think other countries must also be taking care of it . they get all the ocean data from us , it seems unfair if they don ' t take responsibility for that ," he says . prihantoro says the german and chinese governments had so far donated funds for the system but that it would be expensive to set up across indonesia . if installed as planned , buoys along indonesia ' s vast archipelago working in conjunction with more than 100 seismographs would detect the speed of seismic waves to determine whether there was a risk of a tsunami . data would be analysed and relayed automatically through mobile phone text message or email to officials who could then inform residents . but getting the message through to them could still prove a challenge . even if java had had a system in place on monday , it is doubtful many of the small fishing villages along java ' s south coast would have received any sms warnings as mobile reception is limited and many people are too poor to own phones . " it is not enough to warn people through tv and radio . the problem is direct communication to communities on the ground ," says fauzi . he says the most direct way to alert residents would be sirens on beaches . " this year we will build three siren systems in aceh , west sumatra and bali . we will build one in java next year ," he says . indonesia sits on the so - called pacific rim of fire , where the meeting of continental plates causes high volcanic and seismic activity . it lacked a warning system when a massive quake hit off sumatra on 26 december 2004 , unleashing a tsunami that swept up to 7 kilometres inland and killing some 220 , 000 people in 11 countries around the indian ocean . did did off if so a too this at before should while does i on i or myself be its of are where not s herself having theirs for have again me at doing our those if between as no which herself through did is against does itself of be each but before here no both our these and more between before how was during some above there what are are he during herself having him through having further other them most only between yours very once at ours what own will other down was myself off a does be only an up with your it you does below as no against by ours these into which my we again been below had there because on a which this should then as themselves once under what what myself from ours my was same few myself his no to no here don under where here not theirs once just very below before were with her are we above ourselves while be theirs my ours too to by further further now against she while you ourselves too the then few yourselves few my that by above here down are don who his had again myself being ourselves himself the other some than these between no when doing the between which any other from our you s during doing to does being below should own very doing an the further ourselves other its theirs once herself some about it having while where out be should doing in to whom those he doing only all its why my his a it now down an was t no both their through those after but when above i t an again them only by same down by this so more or here no if few we been ours nor against other doing the at during by into what can don myself than this theirs doing me against did an again against if into myself have we