but the impact of racist stereotypes on gamers can be hard to measure , say some critics some popular video games promote racist , negative stereotypes of asians that would be unacceptable in other forms of media , says a canadian researcher . robert parungao , who studied the topic as part of his honours degree in sociology at the university of british columbia , looked at four best - selling games : kung fu , warcraft 3 , shadow warrior and grand theft auto 3 . parungao , an avid gamer , says the games feature evil gangsters , all of them non - white , who " function as narrative obstacles to be overcome , mastered or ultimately blown to smithereens by the white hero ". he says while blatant racism is not tolerated in mainstream films or television , in video games " it ' s below the radar ". parungao says his study has had a mixed response . " some say [ racist stereotypes in games ] is terrible ," he says . " other people in the games community say , ' lighten up , it ' s a game , you don ' t have to worry about political correctness .'" a fifth - generation canadian of chinese and filipino ancestry , parungao says that with video game sales at about us $ 30 billion worldwide , making them more popular than movies , negative stereotypes matter . he admits that not all games , or game publishing companies , promote such stereotypes , but says racism is rife among many of the most popular games , which are designed and published mostly in the us and japan . " these aren ' t just kids ' toys , these are representative of our society and they teach us ," he says . parungao ' s study is one of the first to look at racism in video games , says associate professor richard smith , a specialist in technology and society at simon fraser university in vancouver . " we ' ve heard about sex and violence , but i can ' t remember hearing about racism in video games ," says smith . " the most insidious thing about racism is when people accept it . studies like this help create consciousness ." but smith cautioned there ' s no academic consensus that violence and sexism in media affects real - world attitudes , and says the impact of racist images will be hard to measure . " this is new territory ," says smith . by by other his with their there if about of were itself as do t until did no there ours down off in too you have himself itself as s whom can into but does too an were which if for myself was this whom don him no but been theirs each at be during herself other their by other down again by he against me for all being ourselves while our out when if were what be all or should there by this against and not been then in s for more for until those against we has be am theirs themselves an she above of am herself why we just yourselves by so only you only we at yourself themselves his out ours between an here an theirs we so why i themselves hers until because over herself all s do too in himself those here themselves your having was what whom they were between but a below which has too does until below itself her to it having them above against was further myself she as while these too as just until am because what under where with him having your with were theirs those been than down from why than into where you of too how too it we very will have do in be herself are which s who yourself is once after how those only it for its there have yourselves am s myself yours be she where off theirs these both is there had do did most these more that when to off am very myself nor their a after they between these over nor