irradiation could be a way of inactivating bacteria used to make vaccines vaccines made with bacteria killed by gamma rays may be more effective than those made using standard heat or chemical inactivation , us government researchers say . such vaccines do not have to be kept cold , the team at the university of california , san diego , school of medicine report in the journal immunity . dr sandip datta and colleagues made a vaccine from listeria monocytogenes bacteria , a common cause of food poisoning . the listeria were killed with gamma rays and the vaccine protected mice infected with live listeria , unlike vaccines made with heat - killed bacteria . " although completely inactivated by the radiation , and thus unable to cause illness , irradiated bacterial pathogens evidently retain characteristics that prompt the immune system to mount a full - fledged defence ," datta says . vaccines can be made in three ways : using an attenuated , or weakened , form of live bacteria or virus , using a killed microbe , or using pieces of dna from a bacteria or virus . most attenuated vaccines must be kept cold , but the researchers found that mice could be protected by vaccination with irradiated listeria that had been freeze - dried into a powder . this might mean that such vaccines could be used in hot places without electricity , the researchers say . vaccines often protect mice but not people so the idea must be tested more , the researchers note . dr elias zerhouni , head of the national institutes of health , which funded the study , says : " this advance is potentially of great importance in meeting the challenge of creating vaccines that are safe , effective and simple to manufacture and transport ." gamma rays are also used to sterilise medical equipment and , in some countries , to preserve food . he some with during her a and are about but so do at above the themselves most yours have because with being he yourself by yours off than herself who down do has be few being to for ourselves having when all which will he these if out very of my by again few these such himself nor yourself he why nor ours against further all both so before after did same off off theirs off so up had at or which when through be ours own other same has has his my only was off itself about have itself herself between she why your than what he before were don himself the more itself so herself him once myself are too our doing too t hers your very will he below his having down them have your to me our did this be don by were an so over were its her here were all because himself do out just s you than do whom yourselves itself their on and am then am had was few more we under no nor other own ourselves where themselves being myself their a himself what how who been having been for did then this which such itself any both before into both has few both don who yourself yourself s further such with and it had not