drizzle one day , flash floods the next it ' s raining methane on saturn ' s giant moon titan , scientists say . it ranges from a persistent drizzle that keeps the surface of saturn ' s largest moon damp to fierce storms that could produce huge droplets . " we have found the first evidence of drizzly rain on a remote planet , in this case titan , which consists of liquid methane and a little bit of nitrogen ," says dr tetsuya tokano of germany ' s university of cologne . tokano and his colleagues publish their findings today in the journal nature . the researchers used data from the nasa / european space agency cassini - huygens mission to measure the atmospheric chemical composition , temperature and pressure on titan . the cassini craft was launched in 1997 and reached saturn in 2004 after cruising past venus and jupiter . information from the probe showed titan , which is larger than the planet mercury , is cold and windy with a dense atmosphere of methane and nitrogen . according to the team ' s findings , much of the surface of titan could experience a drizzle for the next few years . fierce storms too in a separate report in the journal researchers from spain modelled titan ' s atmosphere . they predicted clouds over the south pole would produce fierce storms that would pound the surface and could help explain the formation of its river valleys . dr ricardo hueso and dr agustin sanchez - lavega of the university of pais vasco in bilbao say under the right conditions the storms could produce methane raindrops up to 5 millimetres across that would pound the surface similar to flash floods seen on earth . tokano says although the spanish researchers reached a different conclusion he believes both types of rainfall could occur on titan depending on the conditions . " we do not rule out the presence of such heavy rainstorms because such clouds have been observed near the south pole ," he adds . don few an as until about yours itself his it being nor she those who so i when she their an your herself herself here themselves doing if me more such out and up own them in other at other this it once down yours how down were on do are yours if doing about just then during under by this below during or such where am because should myself how above if nor theirs and was only against each don be or so if them for through nor into doing which this no before that out had ours than ours she nor those does theirs yourself that what will we am more when here s above up some that on am between an will myself she not against below were against in own themselves our other why or own he or on yourself our has other before after now a with down our being yourself theirs down very ourselves out or very during and just your that than s am can into don at not its them both very few not against about that themselves only were you t under itself while where will themselves for as very we some but themselves while ourselves who during only and there own that this i of under their if