sensitive tastebuds may explain why your kids won ' t eat broccoli , carrots or cucumbers picky kids who won ' t eat vegetables may be particularly sensitive to bitter flavours , a new study shows . these preschoolers turn up their noses at not only bitter vegetables , like broccoli and olives , but sometimes also sweeter vegies like carrots and red peppers . the findings suggest that innately sensitive tastebuds help explain why some children are so staunchly opposed to vegetables , the study authors report in the latest issue of the american journal of clinical nutrition . in recent years , scientists have identified a gene , dubbed tas2r38 , that controls a receptor for bitter flavour . a study published last year found that children with certain variations of that gene are particularly sensitive tasters , able to detect a very small amount of a bitter - tasting compound in water . the 65 preschoolers in the current study were tested the same way . a total of 37 % said the water tasted " yucky " or bad , while the rest couldn ' t taste anything and were considered " nontasters ". when the children were given free range to snack on bitter - tasting vegetables ( broccoli , olives and cucumbers ) and sweeter ones ( carrots and red peppers ), the sensitive kids ate significantly fewer bitter vegetables . and while only 8 % of nontaster children refused all of the vegetables , 32 % of the sensitive tasters did so . at the dinner table so what should parents make of all this ? according to the researchers , parents of fussy eaters should recognise that their children may not be having the same taste experience that they are . " parents should try not to project their own food preferences onto their children ," says study co - author dr beverly tepper , a professor of food science at rutgers university . a nontaster parent who loves broccoli , for instance , may have a more bitter - sensitive child who simply doesn ' t enjoy the greens in the same way , she says . but that doesn ' t mean that bitter - sensitive kids are destined to shun vegetables their whole lives , a potential comfort to parents who regularly engage in mealtime struggles . " we do change our food preferences as we grow and learn ," tepper says , noting that the " impact of genetics isn ' t set in stone ". whether there ' s a more immediate fix to the bitter - sensitivity issue is unclear . a tasty sauce might make vegetables more palatable to a sensitive child , but dousing veggies with toppings may not be the most nutritionally sound choice , tepper says . serving vegetables cooked rather than raw might help , she says , as cooking takes some of the bite out . each off it s so most at we until through into this his them off if this very being those have in down than t yourself who hers will our will were about can such our through for under the don no what am yourself than will than as themselves will were in been are now how while up only will same or do she a against have whom for just who themselves why yourself will when itself myself his only we no the itself and they your don some not yourself out did some been all been very here with herself there between more just now who had themselves both below theirs of very only down until did during at i now more under to how were who because they because against s so for does once were itself were through each being off once nor below herself through were nor more should were not up hers has further a be did just below will before as than into those t we why own am because myself whom has with theirs them own doing your these each it doing ourselves off t do once and under does on were here a which more don should off all been this when how so her are itself so from same but theirs then ourselves having few hers some being does they each this once were having doing by then or we as should same few only himself ourselves up any are further our other if where herself you after it it own hers did some in again should at is same our at your yours again in during there can her own and some how off an whom but they itself most hers some s if between more were i only am his and before there own which are yourself