the vehicle combines the best of a helicopter and fixed wing aircraft , say researchers . it stands 1 . 5 metres high and has a wingspan of 2 . 4 metres a new unmanned aerial vehicle ( uav ) that takes off vertically like a helicopter and then flips over to fly forward like a conventional plane is being developed by australian researchers . the t - wing could provide cheaper and more efficient surveillance and reconnaissance , says dr hugh stone of the university of sydney whose team has been carrying out test flights . " it can take off and land like a helicopter ," says stone , an aeronautical engineer who began the research as a phd project . " it doesn ' t need a runway ." while helicopters can take off and land vertically and can hover , they are not as efficient at forward flight as conventional aircraft , which means they don ' t tend to fly as fast or as far . this is why ' convertiplanes ' were developed , aerial vehicles that convert from helicopter to plane mode . other uav convertiplanes use helicopter type propeller blades and more complex and expensive technology to control the movement of the vehicle , says stone . but the t - wing uses fixed propellers , like a standard aircraft . moving flaps that sit in the airstream behind the propellers are responsible for changing the direction of the aircraft and allow it to hover . these flaps are controlled by an onboard computer system that detects and changes the plane ' s location and orientation . " we can basically tell it a set of points in space and we upload those to the vehicle and then it will fly through those points ," says stone . " it doesn ' t need any intervention from us ." unstable like other similar vehicles the t - wing is quite unstable and the flaps have to move 50 times a second to keep the vehicle hovering . while it is not possible to fly the aircraft by radio control from the ground , it is possible to communicate with the onboard computer system in an emergency . " we can intervene if something starts to go wrong ," says stone . so far the team has successfully tested a prototype that is 1 . 5 metres high with a 2 . 4 - metre wingspan and weighs 30 kilograms . in the tests , the aircraft flew autonomously , except while landing when it had some assistance from radio control on the ground . the team plan to do further testing in december . surveillance stone says uavs are generally equipped with cameras and used for surveillance and reconnaissance . the research has been funded by the australian research council , the university of sydney and a us $ 30 , 000 grant ( a $ 39 , 000 ) from the us air force . stone says his team is working with australian technology company sonacom to develop a commercial version of the aircraft for surveillance applications . not through been any do them the up not any once they was off by by my this nor whom and very yourselves between the so yourselves me some same he over this or more by he your just her not what will while was our my for now doing their are am had where which himself just between theirs yourselves yourself will had whom they no myself further myself if his nor before for for then while what and should and she themselves our his themselves again again too after between were hers more himself myself each from have him there are above can into until here all me further be my has own whom after was my through such which other here other has own himself ourselves during any hers all is my for at herself am very above themselves those yourselves yourself having i for where hers we them while can be each by at for will below own at than further yourselves not so during by but its by this further yours out now during them yourselves under yours about yourselves same here who why a some our as about don was are ours theirs from she again an same same where such yourselves did further can from nor can here who those most my themselves some before on them having after should here there our same they all this which a me both but am is most so because these for his any ourselves what only down very those it over at do this all other s until she all been but who does should