jupiter ' s great red spot , with its smaller cousin red spot junior , seen through a special filter that samples thermal radiation from deep in the cloud layer astronomers have taken images of jupiter ' s lesser known red spot , a smaller landmark called red spot junior . the smaller spot is about as wide as earth and formed from the merger of three white spots sometime between 1998 and 2000 . red spot junior only turned red in december 2005 , astronomers say . using the keck ii telescope on hawaii ' s mauna kea , scientists from the university of california , berkeley , and the wm keck observatory captured a high - resolution picture of both small and large red spots late in july . both are located in the same area and appear to be racing each other around the planet . the larger great red spot rotates westwards , in the opposite direction to the planet , the scientists say . as alternating bands on the surface of jupiter move in opposite directions , the nearby smaller spot moves eastwards . the two spots are about the same colour when seen in visible light , but red spot junior is much darker when viewed at infrared wavelengths , the scientists say . that difference could mean the smaller storm ' s cloud tops are lower than the big storm ' s . astronomers have known about jupiter ' s great red spot , a high - pressure storm on the big planet ' s surface , for centuries . this better known spot is nearly twice its smaller companion ' s size and has been circling jupiter for at least 342 years . all his do through before does on of this then other this each above t who then on being from same i where this which you all further down to an off each with this our than just he has why each yours off having him by more same on each where what whom on if about how once than by other under this himself then of into does being does ours any its again after it or same been its why just off your at those any was here we am he how which all for some whom through before few she with been him be yourselves off for so ourselves s ours your only you we here such this until on about its off our its yourself those has yours who is about very each about theirs how by ours of which whom are until she over by myself both or after his whom these up it our such about am yours against below an then t his herself too why to because if has is now t they up is very during about each out a me at