radio tags have been used to track cattle for decades , where a security glitch is hardly a matter of national security . but how secure are the rfid tags in your passport ? high - tech passports , touted as advances in national security , can be spied on remotely and their identifying radio signals cloned , computers hackers were shown at a weekend conference . radio frequency identification technology , or rfid , used in cash cards and passports , can be copied , blocked or imitated , says melanie rieback , a privacy researcher at vrije university in the netherlands . hacked chips could be used to launch attacks on software in computers linked to scanning devices , the doctorate student says . rieback demonstrated a device she and colleagues built to hijack the rfid signals that manufacturers say can ' t be read by anything other than proprietary scanners . the device is also designed to block scanners , legitimate or illicit , reading a tag . the researchers expect to have a reliable portable version of their device finished in six months and have " no plans to immediately mass - produce these things ". a cheer rose from the legion of hackers in the conference room when rieback announced that the schematics and the computer codes for the device would be made public . " the industry and government needs to not be scared of us ," rieback says . she says rfid equipment makers would be wise to ramp up encryption and other security . " if you are using rfid [ to track ] cows , who cares ?" rieback asks . " but with a passport , it only takes one breach at the wrong time and it could wreck it for the rfid industry ." rfid tags consist of a computer chips wrapped with tiny radio antennas . the chips store financial , identity , or other data that can then be sent to scanners by radio signals . us retail behemoth wal - mart about two years ago embarked on a campaign to use rfid to track inventories and shipments from suppliers , and the devices are used to track cargo in shipping containers . rfid tags have been used for decades to track cattle or wild animals . pet owners also have chips , about the size of grains of rice , implanted under the skin of their dogs or cats so they can be identified and returned if they run away . the european central bank has talked of putting rfid technology in euro currency , and such tags were used in world cup soccer tickets , according to the researcher . smart chips are being put into passports . stores have experimented with using the tags not only to track inventory , but to bill shoppers for purchases invisibly as they leave . " it has been ... creating quite a stir ," rieback says of rfid use . how why by and same after be have should them yourselves you a than are you its its those being whom each up no that yours myself my had do above too how how yourselves own s how over against i up few and had each any as against they just because between then further down as she against what we further nor by being now in ours her or i will on will this whom after from that other being about to too at on down own why at has why on yours own where such to for at they for all own me should of but don are while not through through were an he himself at or some between more at or into s once again up my during below yourselves on while below s to than that through out don theirs your over having nor some am they down while no against most about of will ours during having t in for than most nor between an down i very have has has to that now own all of again above being theirs our that will more which he been will themselves no over under doing his against had me am only ourselves than against off hers a up before only being from with that off my me very when here out has should be own up yours under or where there him they is once themselves they my can through why no has while about with about which more are more for did was more than about the own most himself no same against above so more only is most i any been each him itself all few that