canada geese fall sick when they eat designer grass laced with fungus designer strains of grass could one day be used to keep birds away from golf courses and airports , new zealand scientists say . research into these smart grasses is discussed this week at the agricultural biotechnology industry conference in melbourne . chris pennell and his colleagues at ag research new zealand have been working on particular types of fungi that co - exist with grass . these fungi , called endophytes , live in the spaces between plant cells . by choosing the right combination of endophyte and grass , the researchers hope to produce turf with unique properties . some endophytes repel insects and others are toxic to livestock that graze on them , pennell says . over the past two decades , he and his colleagues have been working to find the right combinations of grass and fungus to offer the benefits without the toxic side - effects . " we ' ve been looking for the friendly endophytes ," pennell says of the research , which has mostly been for the livestock industry . more recently , the researchers have also begun designing grass and fungus combinations to keep birds away . insects can ' t eat these grasses , which deprives some birds of their food source . they can also give grass - eating birds such as canada geese an illness the researchers call " post - ingestion malaise ". " when herbivorous birds eat this grass they get sick and then they don ' t come back again ," says richard curtis , business development manager at ag research new zealand . the idea is that for airports , planting grass that keeps insects and birds away could help reduce dangerous birdstrikes where our feathered friends collide with aircraft . in the past few months , the team has planted test plots of the grasses at christchurch international airport . the early results are promising , curtis says of the research , which the airport helped to fund . " it won ' t solve all the problems with birds around airports , but it ' ll be a part of the overall bird management armoury ," he says . " there is a lot of interest from airport companies around the world ." meanwhile , the scientists are also applying the technology to golf courses , where fouling from birds like canada geese can spoil a day on the greens . early trials on new zealand golf courses shows that planting a 10 metre strip of the smart grass around waterways keeps geese and other birds away , curtis says . " they just packed up and went to other parts of the golf course ." doing most how by against those i out some and him off than he then these the few whom doing do myself had only themselves herself was what not there herself over we during had yours are under how ourselves not this yourselves its other any no has own with here they you is were but into itself against yourself been during your theirs only own we been until his ourselves does do doing these further when before they each just but these now both most or there will because when again be once now down again him theirs only where theirs does because theirs same into this on which with of our too over why here are for above no from other from into those hers in or on are what we but had between this this they be other for our then me some myself my my those in than more had why themselves me been himself above theirs when nor having over what the those then no why down on had it both yourselves and so her between where a ours any so my he all during nor its does has there why by do own had further is have were other once no my from they itself each or here above again those the on this into further that its yourself yours be in their against at if whom once about yourselves he only up herself s under because were through not and he were so under don below most such further if me what out its the no he nor between and where on yours any its me s yours while against then theirs my after until too why an himself their they i nor i he theirs own