is the culture that produced this wood carving predisposed to violence ? a new genetic study says ' yes '. but how much do social issues explain the crime statistics ? a new zealand scientist says the country ' s indigenous maori people have a ' warrior ' gene which makes them more prone to violent and criminal behaviour . dr rod lea revealed his theory this week at the 11th international congress of human genetics in brisbane , australia , acknowledging that it is controversial to suggest an ethnic group is predisposed towards criminal behaviour . maori leaders immediately panned his claims . maori party co - leader tariana turia told the press newspaper that while she had heard of maori having a genetic predisposition towards alcoholism , it was a big leap to include violent tendencies . " i realise that violence is an issue to us , but there are very common factors as well with violence which are not really related to race ." lea , a genetic epidemiologist at the institute of environmental science and research in wellington , says that maori men have an over - representation of monoamine oxidase , dubbed the warrior gene , which is associated with aggressive behaviour . the gene was discovered by us researchers but has never been linked to an ethnic group . he told new zealand ' s national radio that the gene appeared to feature in about 60 % of maori men compared with 30 % men of european descent . " i believe this gene has an influence on behaviour of humans in general , but i also believe that the influence is rather small ," he says . " we have to be clear that behavioural traits such as susceptibility to addiction , aggressive behaviour , risk taking , all those sort of things are extremely complex and they are due to numerous factors including non - genetic environmental factors like upbringing and other lifestyle factors ." lea says the gene explains some of the issues involving maori . " they are going to be more aggressive and violent and more likely to get involved in risk - taking behaviour like gambling ," he says , although he believes other , non - genetic factors might also be at play . " there are lots of lifestyle , upbringing - related exposures that could be relevant here so , obviously , the gene won ' t automatically make you a criminal ." maori mp hone harawira believes social issues , including high unemployment , poor educational achievement and in many cases severe poverty , to be the main contributors to maori violence rather than a warrior gene . " if you put any group in that situation ... i dare you to point at the group that wouldn ' t be aggressive as a result of being treated that way ." national urban maori authority chief executive john tamihere says he is open to research - based evidence on whether there is a genetic reason for the over - representation of maori in violence statistics . s me had up for than me into had be after my am in her were not her how you i s yours of under which after hers few yourselves herself them a or until here his yours itself few below myself because most will its what have when each over into more about has had were are before doing if more own down a than himself only from how as then his a do me until against having again this just through be herself few myself were has no me t theirs she once whom is again but out an the not at an just she once themselves having below and did off until was until between have t nor from itself own who my we where for been t those ourselves himself to to each has off himself t each ourselves what now t about if been more the this themselves all with had nor himself off an the i those only myself and an further how below am out have during now why am should him are she its because be themselves just more them below t they with above until out now any hers having yours out few your at whom are an after doing been more should all having on was down under during too don during doing ours these each are into up further such t against before they her too each now having myself as nor having during himself be by did on this again having up there or when to its they of whom don be of most are myself its does only myself nor why whom it should through his ours their himself with these been because down herself i their against than own now yourselves a having over these out him should for we