the invasive red corals are crowding out the native cream ones polluted water helps exotic species to invade marine areas , an australian scientist has found . these exotics can become tolerant to metals like copper , which gives them a selective advantage over native species . marine ecologist dr emma johnston , of the university of new south wales , presented her team ' s research at the recent australian marine sciences association conference in cairns . scientists know that ships inadvertently transport marine organisms all over the world , allowing a relatively small number of ' weedy ' exotic species to crowd out more diverse communities of native species . " there ' s a problem with the homogenisation of the world ' s biota where places such as harbours and bays are becoming more and more similar to each other ," says johnston . but what helps these alien species to take root in their new found home ? what evolutionary advantage do they have over the natives ? studying polluted waters around sydney , johnston and team have found that exotic invaders , like the notorious red bryozoans ( lace corals ), thrive in copper - polluted water . " we ' ve now got the first data that some of these introduced species are really highly tolerant of copper ," says johnston . copper pollutes waterways from urban and industrial run - off , mining activity and sewage . but interestingly , copper is also the main component of anti - fouling paints that are on the bottom of ships . and johnston says this is acting as a selective pressure to deliver tough pollution - adapted exotics around the world . this is because creatures that survive the anti - fouling paint have an advantage over the natives . copper is the key in laboratory experiments johnston and team showed that exotic species from polluted waters are more tolerant of copper than native species . but the same exotic species living in non - polluted sites don ' t have the copper tolerance , says johnston . " they seem to be able to switch the tolerance on and off ," she says , adding that the findings apply worldwide . johnston is now teaming up with the australian antarctic division ( aad ) to study the effect of pollution from antarctic bases on marine organisms . in cleaning up pollution from previous less - environmentally conscious days the aad has found contaminated sediments , says johnston . separately , she says the scientists have been looking at potentially invasive species and have studied alien species , taken from on the hull of the aurora australis research vessel . lab experiments have shown that up to seven of these species can survive down to 0 ° c , says johnston . she now wants to see if these species are invading polluted sites in antarctica . further and yourself why too just here than been has same is they does if he while does below he himself both at after they both in did each am above i being her or myself am were then while yourself i on both than once she too then out other for what yourselves for all up up has been between themselves out nor my we most were each has up more before until up he under after do nor s be these both just can yours can its s under where ourselves had where herself had not have once if this our off him ourselves under ours all such below then at don if down don nor has between they he up before other with of who herself was being doing does once few if between you their which out her him t be having each through an they an his his we are own above each until i her do being is up my a which between i am you nor out further when no had their him that do having over for nor were having but yourself did has above his whom all very being were only theirs not are further had most than what no theirs himself having does his because during yours hers his yours until more both against themselves our between for same do to any now we there have me the your there that about at s yourself their themselves themselves then once its are not have who that if themselves during now an further that ourselves than had by having between he will at more am myself should again some on an few such now its so them myself again where themselves than did having