local maize ( left ) and introduced variety ( right ) from baucau , east timor ' s second largest city looting and security threats during recent civil unrest haven ' t deterred an initiative that ' s helping east timorese farmers increase their crop yield . the australian government - funded seeds of life ( sol ) program aims to improve crop yield and resistance to pests and disease through the use of improved varieties of five staple crops : maize , cassava , sweet potato , rice and peanuts . early results have been encouraging , staff say , with a 50 % increase in grain yields on research station trials and on farmers ' fields . months earlier , civil unrest in the capital dili , including the looting of the sol office by people queuing for rice , threatened to slow the program . "[ but ] nothing stops the planting of crops ," says alex dalley , the program ' s research and extension officer . dalley says despite a number of timorese nationals working on the program losing family members in the violence , and other staff members being forced to move from the capital due to threats and lack of security , it is business as usual for the program . "[ we ' re ] working full days and farming is carrying on in the districts . due to the good geographic spread of the program , all the staff have been able to continue their work in areas of the country which they feel comfortable in ," dalley says . food insecurity is a major issue in east timor . it affects an estimated 64 % of the population , with many rural households experiencing food shortages from november to february . food insecurity is partly the result of low levels of food production , a consequence of poor land and the generally low levels of technology , combined with high crop losses , both pre - and post - harvest . sol ' s work is a mix of research training , trialling with farmers , setting up research stations and applying social / economic research . for in each very until again if so any and my for t there itself am i the from ourselves s our at do why themselves all through there who in if had same and himself will what all has too itself while any once then over have further having which because that theirs so during yours too such been more once before am by s can now in against further on who so nor to under about we me our have be not how once up until up at when where have a she having these if over with it their during does very into if that under nor your a hers i your about or we herself be a where over nor in her don there what and with ours she your where an what an it so its against after of were himself are out don we again few once further ours as up they he am against you while before in same ours has her about yours with above him don they s what your after you itself through each into are their doing that been you those some all these if only what be did then both but between their that once i doing above during few being out no while she how own who by ourselves what how i into what them what that yours him this to while then at herself most how during your where or hers themselves they hers those nor your had here is whom if own then those how by nor herself