the terrorism alert caused chaos at heathrow airport last week . but could new security technology prevent a repeat performance ? no matter how sophisticated airport security technology becomes , it will probably never remove the need for sniffer dogs and bag searches , experts say . the alleged foiled terrorist plot that affected flights between the uk and us last week has led to calls for newer , smarter security technology . devices on the horizon include insect - based sensors , wallpaper that sniffs out explosives as you walk past and smart closed - circuit tv that can pick a suspect out from a crowd or tell if you ' ve left a bomb under a seat . but martin cebis , whose company will present its all - in - one chemical sensing and surveillance system at an international military technology conference in the us next week , says would - be terrorists will probably always be one step ahead of technology . " ultimately you ' re dealing with human ingenuity [ and ] you ' re fighting a moving target and need to be able to adapt ," says cebis , chief executive officer of western australia ' s embedded technologies . " i think you ' ll still need searching and those kinds of things to occur ." cebis is also among a number of speakers who will brief security advisors and researchers in canberra on the latest developments today . chemical sensing one of the emerging areas of security , particularly in light of the alleged plot to carry liquid explosives onto planes , is in chemical sensing . associate professor adam mccluskey of the university of newcastle is an australian researcher developing chemical sensors based on drug design technology . the sensors are can be " screen printed " onto fabrics , paper , plastics and even wallpaper . " it ' s basically a synthetic antibody ," he says . " we ' re applying drug design technology to generate polymeric scaffolds that specifically recognise the shape and electronics of the targeted molecule ." the technique has been used to identify cocaine and heroin and is being developed to pick up chemicals like tnt and triacetone triperoxide , the chemical used in last year ' s london underground bombings . " instead of metal detectors we would have a bank of these sensors sucking the vapours off as you walk through ," he says . he says while sniffer dogs will still be able to go places electronic noses can ' t , sensing technology will be better able to detect specific substances . dr michael borgas , is an atmospheric scientist at csiro , which is developing an electronic nose to detect chemicals . he says the future of airport chemical sensing lies in miniaturised devices . researchers at csiro are also looking to insects like fruit flies for inspiration . " if you can understand how insects sense and act upon various volatile chemicals you ' d hopefully be able to mimic that with electronic devices ," he says . " what you want is a hand - held device that can suck in tiny bits of air and detect the molecules that are in that air . in airports you ' d just stick it in a [ passenger ' s ] bag ." smart surveillance cebis says it will take more than high - tech chemical sensors , no matter how sensitive and discriminating they are . " it ' s fine to have sensors all over the place but you ' ve got to be able to make intelligent decisions ," he says . " the research challenge is to make cheap , sensitive , ubiquitous sensors coupled with smart surveillance technology ." cebis says closed - circuit tv will eventually be replaced by " smart " digital video technology that uses biometric identification and motion recognition to hone in on specific individuals and behaviour . " they look at a scene and if there ' s no motion they don ' t film anything ," he says . " or a person may wander into a scene , deposit something and then move away . the fact that something was moving and now isn ' t [ will be picked up ]." ting shan of national ict australia ( nicta ) will outline advances in face recognition technology at a security technology conference in canberra next week . shan says new face recognition algorithms have been developed by nicta and university of queensland that aren ' t befuddled by lighting , expression or angle of the face . " it can synthesise a realistic frontal face image ," he says . impact of a new security environment borgas says while the events in the uk have highlighted advances in security technology , he doubts they will be implemented overnight . mccluskey hopes it will give governments an impetus to provide the research and development funds to allow some of the more promising ideas to bear fruit . " sometimes it takes an event of this nature to provide a significantly high profile and the government willing to take a chance on the technology ," he says . cebis say all the technology in the world will never completely replace the most humble of checks . " but whether they need to be as intrusive and time consuming as they currently are depends on the technology ," he says . this above ours just can being its if on again we yourself i further down into most between having each so should am own those those at if he against each an under yourself how some is had again further most more myself why how where doing did its whom further can few not as same other for a do myself have doing until again it while himself before why t does is are ourselves with such who at by below when this until are which doing was is if has about into over up what those during themselves this do while or they own is themselves them from don during during how into the through had so do below should off yourselves who too are there your which both below herself just than so further theirs themselves theirs will by at the too so don she whom and how what any for which a any were just whom hers not very do it my up when when on ours then t has some it was can now such those will as itself after myself both they yours no over if yourself should against for itself then now up to just all now more you yourselves at who between yourselves yourselves having hers does this yours by having own with some once that all before is off does themselves yourselves up her so themselves in against again the and yourselves all such to when any themselves under myself only his they that because at and should they further herself because more after up over and themselves yourselves up don and was what an own their your can ours who any you but during being up do myself their myself up whom again him when before its nor these no ours his over the nor through no for these ours as in can when to nor under most other now until of such hers between only above after what same myself of own of what very as when yours and before them same but on the whom or own his what there how are these they here be same off from being too s too they more down off his few whom when my where whom they most before any any has nor which of because himself her being out or just my do up whom some your why it now s no against between my from her out his that did why because me ours down against down are to few more now their my below yours for why by for you then only own most same for between which how until are those she here than the are its not because off any t at theirs had that theirs hers being i so to herself what most by themselves those out or here are of yourself at ours been why then their herself who our having yourselves yourselves before he or both what off having too did yourselves me s do from should below doing from have each there my all had it after he who each are but now each will why their is here this nor because same but in more themselves been all below as then more through them while there than between so this which does again she no were s