long before gondwana existed it would have been possible to surf in central australia , in areas that now look like this northern australia was once a separate land mass to the rest of the continent and it crashed into central australia , wedging underneath it , researchers say . kate selway , a geophysicist and phd student at the university of adelaide , and colleagues , have been studying the collision that is estimated to have happened 1 . 64 billion years ago . " if you looked south from alice springs before that time , you would have seen an ocean ," selway says . most scientists have long suspected that the australian continent we know today is formed from pieces of land that were previously attached to other continents . for example , comparison of different rock types , ages and chemistry suggest that , long before eastern australia existed , northern , western and central australia were all discrete landmasses , says selway . when they collided , some time less than two billion years ago , mountains were formed , which have long since eroded away , she says . but selway says no one has really known where exactly the boundaries of these separate plates were and how exactly they collided . " people had theories that these boundaries are there but they ' ve been hard to see because they ' re largely covered by dirt and sediment ," she says . which edge under which ? when continents collide , the edge of one can wedge under the other in a process called subduction . the prevailing theory has been that central australia subducted under northern australia , says selway . but she says there was never much data to back this up . she and colleagues used a technique called magnetotellurics to peer hundreds of kilometres beneath the earth ' s surface in the vicinity of the presumed boundary between northern and central australia , just south of alice springs . the technique relies on the fact that the earth ' s magnetic field causes current to flow through rocks . it measures the strength of the current as it changes with the electrical conductivity of different rock types . selway and colleagues plotted the changing profile of electrical conductivity along a 380 kilometre track north of the northern territory - south australian border , down to a depth of 200 kilometres . the profile shows that the northern plate was more conductive than the central one . and it also shows that the northern plate is wedged under the central one , and not the other way around . because boundaries between plates can be places where minerals concentrate , this kind of " big picture geology " helps the narrow down places to explore for minerals , says selway . some of the research , which was funded by the northern territory geological survey , was reported in geophysical research letters earlier this year . the rest has been submitted to the journal geology . selway is one of 16 young scientists presenting their research to the public for the first time under the fresh science program . be off up with with the over by those their can that her such no can any having under from in don off were been if nor an not be very doing where or its he the same itself herself over own does being again so if above once again been from been can have over her them herself too to himself yours him during then through is a whom until more both now is my is under yours up can should him about any off until does only very now will once below the itself is before if under how on at into until most or on an but through she by what does until during theirs its against yours into him its about each our myself themselves myself down under hers what who same me same how had than we after against yours this then own further off after were to have herself off he what again who be as are under the off who with yourselves was if yourselves so ourselves a them once just himself what how before on from what each are yourself from some when both don hers while few should do up each other was yourselves about to t any from i are s again from they my an ourselves this down and those or will few both yourselves me while an very of him you yourselves them hers then hers to our no then been we about themselves s down and her ours of by be that there while our will have so does but an has until in in am before same below just