our moon may qualify for the title of ' planet ' if it continues to move away from the earth the proposed new definition of a planet has got scientists talking , some saying it means even our moon could one day be labelled a planet . astronomer dr charles lineweaver of the australian national university says he is generally in favour of the draft international astronomical union ( iau ) definition , but it has some potential problems . " according to the new definition of planets , our moon ... will become a planet in the future ," says lineweaver . under the draft definition , which astronomers will vote on next week in prague , a planet must orbit a star , while not being itself a star , and it must be massive enough for its own gravity to pull it into a nearly spherical shape . under this definition , charon would no longer be a satellite of pluto . rather both would qualify as planets , of the pluton type . central to this double - planet system is a common centre of gravity , or barycentre , that exists in free space above the surface of pluto . by contrast , our moon would remain a satellite under the new definition because the barycentre of the system is located below the earth ' s surface . but lineweaver says as the moon is moving further away from the earth , this means the barycentre will one day be above earth ' s surface . " the moon will have to be about 40 % further away than it is now for it to become a planet ," he says . " based on an extrapolation of the current recession of the moon , this will happen in about 5 billion plus or minus 1 billion years ." all so over having so she until have once how am what after very him do is any themselves hers these because further most down by were was herself if some did doing his other themselves they will ourselves yourselves through hers than at up had myself while be there whom then our don them most such further as can should as does your they of after very my other they be yourselves any a hers his will their itself yourself during t him there for own s in own before about about can no which above his in an of but don does than don of will as that a them all what does than their she because don have some herself yourself theirs been been after not further are any him if any had