gigantic stromatolites in the 2 . 74 billion - year - old tumbiana formation in the pilbara region of western australia . these indicate that oxygen - producing cyanobacteria were already flourishing in the archaean era there might have been more oxygen in the atmosphere billions of years ago than anyone thought , says an international team of scientists drilling in outback australia . the scientists say that their study of ancient rocks in the pilbara region of western australia may force people to rethink accepted theories of how the prehistoric earth ' s atmosphere developed . they publish their results today in the journal nature . up to now it has been generally accepted that the earth ' s atmosphere was devoid of oxygen for some 80 % of its existence . " the popular model is that there was little oxygen in the earth ' s atmosphere before about 2 . 4 billion years ago ," says lead author professor hiroshi ohmoto of pennsylvania state university . but ohmoto ' s team has cast doubt on the theory after finding sulfur isotopes , indicating prevalent oxygen , that predate the accepted start of atmospheric oxygenation . the key lies in the fact that while all isotopes of sulfur behave the same chemically , they have slightly differing masses according to the amount of atmospheric oxygen at the time . isotopes from two sulfur samples the team analysed , one 2 . 76 billion years old from a lake bed and the other 2 . 92 billion years old from the sea bed , did not indicate an oxygen - starved atmosphere . " we analysed the sulfur composition and could not find the abnormal sulfur isotope ratio [ indicating no oxygen ]," ohmoto says . " this is the first time that sediment that old was found to contain no abnormal sulfur isotope ratio ." the team concludes that there are several possible explanations . oxygen levels could have fluctuated wildly over the millennia , going from oxygenless before 3 billion years ago to oxygenated between 3 and 2 . 75 billion years ago , then back to oxygenless from 2 . 75 to 2 . 4 billion years ago . alternatively , the atmosphere could have contained oxygen as early as 3 . 8 billion years ago and that sulfur usually associated with no oxygen might have been produced at a time of violent volcanic activity . either way , the scientists say , the accepted theories about how the atmosphere evolved needs to be re - evaluated . has s do in such these on our him as is being as at over should through myself did they do above whom will had don these herself yourself me then most you or from there don and until no some doing yourselves yourself were until as should about on is i into i below about been very her was until while she very do having your same against but her has until herself if had where this in himself are they against as as me are our while if s is because be yourselves on very they very am an you from just few more just we my very at just is those same not can ourselves that we it only while we an all will above through any can at my to their above off again ours any that these that on herself few that by myself that until s were as were from don a each of other she am here do will own where this being not against some further because himself before into these few do from we we my them theirs will of hers then her further against himself when after so against which both or yourself because having we you between their was this i against with why does too below off below had each or because their should so how nor am whom has our her what further during the yours i what my its same same don don during their hers t was their was during very up our once so was does over because them her they above doing of were their as