archaeological evidence from ancient dung suggests that the people who lived here kept sheep or goats the discovery of a neolithic complex of caves in greece suggests not all cavemen were club - wielding , nomadic hunter - gatherers , but included some farmers and shepherds . they even had the stone age equivalent of a toolshed . evidence of such homebody cave dwellers comes from a recent excavation of a cave complex dating from 5300 - 3900 bc . the abode features plastered floors and evidence of crop - growing and an attached stable nearby . " this household was self - contained ," says dr panagiotis karkanas , who conducted the excavation of the kouveleiki caves , located on the cliffs of a shallow valley in the southern peloponnese . " i believe that the site was an ordinary household . the people were living there , cooking , sleeping , etc , probably during the whole year . they were both farmers and shepherds ," says karkanas , an archaeologist at the ephoreia of palaeoanthropology - speleology in athens . karkanas came to this conclusion after studying objects uncovered within the caves and after performing a detailed microanalysis of the cave sediments . findings will be published in the november issue of the journal of archaeological science . the complex consists of two caves , the first of which is divided into two chambers by several rock blocks that appear to have fallen from the roof before the caves were inhabited . the cavemen used this natural divide to their advantage , since one of the fallen rocks was curved and straightened to resemble a wall , which created a corridor between the two chambers . burnt manure found in the front chamber suggests a few animals , probably sheep and goats , were housed there . karkanas says the animals were probably " milkers or very young ". cereal husks and residue found within the dung indicates the cave dwellers probably farmed the land in front of the caves . he points out that farming in greece started at about 6500 bc , at the beginning of the neolithic era , or the new stone age . in the first cave he found fine painted pottery , polished axes , spindle whirls , clay and marble figurines , grinders and a collection of obsidian , chert and quartz tools . the dark , back ' room ', measuring about 150 square metres , appears to have been the main area of habitation . evidence for hearth fires was found . and the floor was plastered with a mixture of burnt dung and red clay . karkanas suggests this type of plaster was unusual for the time , though it became popular later , and is still used today . " plaster made of dung , sometimes burnt , and clay is common today in some villages in africa and india ," he says . he says the second cave " was probably used as a complementary activity area ", sort of the prehistoric version of a tool shed . nine human burials discovered within the caves suggests some people may have lived their entire lives at the site . moving to the caves curtis runnels , professor of archaeology at boston university , says he finds karkanas ' paper to be " both informative and convincing ". " the move to caves came for many reason , among which was the reorganisation of the economy during this period to emphasise sheep and goat herding ," he says . " part of the change was a focus on the production of wool and hair for textiles , which were traded for imported materials , possibly exotic flint or obsidian ." runnels thinks people who wanted to practice both farming and herding moved to caves in the somewhat remote , agriculturally marginal regions . then , as the new find suggests , they settled down . will about all some below does for but its how when from now should down our ourselves myself more of where where its her if until myself while herself her about our which do they once our their some through own more against yours her other how his those them off where after once a am ourselves other will after we until with more have again how very those between whom and in against a there it about each other now down so own few don herself who this i above myself again our below by until s some about herself after be just been both am when not am where below theirs yourself myself from were being i by now into further will be should was she have up where where himself t t me no into he your can here same both below the i theirs was be up as was very if through between him now can himself down any at them own who she yours those yours you he your these with himself any while ours yourselves about of himself her myself was same a because his no is these then his or she his such if out does yours any further into under by over which for own on her ours is once any were no which those has off doing am with myself is above have own most herself then you very such where his and such or it now more yours does doing against her they more during himself should with while while there here s in have we while my at ourselves his while do than during theirs don are of with doing we too where not by ours those it too same them not over yourselves our not by he your t itself itself hers down being an my which having are how only be further our our your those of or be who under whom we over where same yours i are then theirs again further down more at their other that why is this then because was am have can too during all up over while between so have if by other while above if how ours further such am ours between such those she myself the my his own itself yours when don over in will and same out these own my