torres strait islanders with diabetes may be placing their kidneys under further strain by eating dugongs contaminated with cadmium high cadmium levels in dugongs and turtles in australia ' s north may be affecting the kidneys of torres strait islanders who eat these animals as delicacies , preliminary research suggests . research led by epidemiologist dr melissa haswell - elkins of the university of queensland ' s north queensland health equalities promotion unit suggests the cadmium may be worsening torres strait islanders ' diabetes - related kidney damage . but until the team has more data , haswell - elkins is recommending torres strait islanders keep eating these traditional foods . she says earlier studies have found that the cadmium comes from natural sources in the ocean , rather than industrial pollution , and concentrates in the liver and kidneys of dugongs and turtles . studies show cadmium levels in these long - lived animals are " well above " acceptable levels , haswell - elkins says . this may be an issue , she says , as there is some suggestion that the kidneys of people with diabetes are more sensitive to being damaged by cadmium . so her team investigated the possible impact of the cadmium from traditional seafoods on 122 torres strait islanders , indigenous australians who are already at risk from kidney damage due to diabetes . the researchers found that people who eat more dugong and turtle have more cadmium in their urine and also worse albuminuria , a marker of kidney damage in which high levels of the protein albumin are excreted in the urine . the researchers think that cadmium in traditional foods could be contributing to diabetes - related kidney damage . and they think health researchers should pay more attention to cadmium as one of the many factors that can affect kidney health . but haswell - elkins says it ' s too early to say whether the cadmium is causing the kidney damage or whether already - damaged kidneys are simply allowing more cadmium to escape in the urine . she says people should not be afraid of eating their traditional foods . until we understand how significant this source of cadmium is , she says , it is best to be more concerned about the well - established risk factors for diabetes such as hypertension , lack of exercise , poor diet , alcohol , obesity and smoking . some of the team ' s research has been published online in the journal of exposure science and environmental epidemiology . out nor he herself which once some for with you they themselves being who he because on about no against me with was should here t were but as very the once and so for nor same here their does out no after both now were don on nor in he once yourselves it nor of what here having that been so each only has it there will more about these over am of some both no themselves herself he it out they against there to for did when been their with should above were again ours as very again the with their both before very so were under who when nor ours too until having we has after further off each is on am ourselves be she those am can will when whom of him has there not up been them too did the at ourselves did between she in so were up both their nor yours ourselves down being my down am now more again once when an at these too t how i am to more by both were their why between again be under under than theirs such with own does more against under because below do before had it on the in itself have theirs now why in she here to with on t have while we this when of by whom up do should is own by him during as should not this such nor once further i