who needs ghostbusters when you ' ve got newton , says a scientist who has used physics and maths to poke holes in the way hollywood depicts ghosts and vampires . in a paper , published recently on the physics website arxiv , theoretical physicist professor costas efthimiou of the university of central florida shows that when it comes to things supernatural , the figures just don ' t add up . for instance , the ability to walk through walls is a common talent of celluloid ghosts . but newton ' s laws of physics suggest that if a ghost can walk it shouldn ' t be able to pass through walls , say efthimiou and cornell university postgraduate student sohan gandhi . newton says a body at rest will remain at rest until it ' s acted on by an external force and for every action there is an equal but opposite reaction . so in order to walk , we apply a backward force on the floor with our feet , propelling the feet up and us forwards . but if a ghost can walk through walls , it must be " material - less ", the authors argue , and incapable of exerting force . by the same token , a ghost that can walk through walls should also sink through the floor , and a ghost that can walk should be bouncing off the walls it tries to pass through . " the depiction of ghosts walking contradicts the precept that ghosts are material - less ," they write . ghostly chills sharp drops in temperature are also associated with the arrival of a ghost . but the paper says physics , which suggests that a sense of cold is correlated more to the rate at which heat is transferred from bodies to the environment than actual temperature , can provide an explanation . " it has become almost a hollywood cliché that the entrance of a ghostly presence be foreshadowed by a sudden and overwhelming chill ," they write . " this feature of supposed ghost sightings lends itself naturally to physical explanation ." efthimiou and gandhi say when a warm object is placed next to a cold object , energy flows from the warm body to the cooler body , cooling the warm body . in a room with a high window or a door with a gap , the cool air from outside displaces warm air inside , creating a system of heat cycles and eddies . the effect is increased because humans are more sensitive to rapid changes in temperature even if the absolute change is small . a 2001 uk investigation of the famous haunted gallery at hampton court , by the university of hertfordshire ' s dr richard wiseman , found that hidden doors were letting in draughts . this produced a combination of air currents that caused temperatures to plummet up to 2 ° c in some parts , the paper says . blood suckers ? efthimiou and gandhi also use the mathematical principle of geometric progression to rule out the existence of vampires . they argue it would take just two and a half years for vampires to wipe out the entire human race from the day the first one appeared , based on the myth that vampires turn their victims into other vampires by sucking their blood . if vampires feed once a month , the great grandaddy of all vampires would have killed one human and produced one vampire in the first month . so in total there would be two vampires and one less human , or a tally of vampires 2 , humans - 1 . by the next month , the 2 vampires would kill 2 humans , and so on . after n months there would be 2 x 2 x 2 ... x 2 = 2 ^ n , or a geometric progression with ratio 2 . " the vampire population increases geometrically and the human population decreases geometrically ," they say . using the principle of reductio ad absurdum , they conclude that vampires can ' t exist as their existence contradicts the existence of humans . professor alan carey , dean of the mathematical sciences institute at the australian national university , says the paper successfully debunks the depictions of the supernatural in the movies . " they poke holes in the clichés and mistakes that are made , and that ' s not too hard to do ," he says . under they than me into at through until on of on yourselves they a over yourselves ourselves its on here should having then into if were not me s between their don where ours yours during we no doing for on myself themselves out our t other these through do himself it not has been too is his same his have same were them this from he is and i at between same very why he before in your below down if just had nor the too have are when than about very why each are themselves these if if your who and yourselves am if during into each himself out herself same after between its himself what no any as at out will s own being will after when will yourself the is had an off into about am yourselves that off over how himself down under his on an yourself its between too they don whom above yours with on being him too has after such where will or all how did a its herself himself few have s because into most while until themselves through were very where those who but down its in before once the can between their itself again too under did on she does or more any with which should my as were too down further any are whom being am more where theirs our now these was s until above have while ours will no those but same too were more both was about myself a other yourselves myself can such had against do because the between by under s during we more itself were off from on above own t a don very for some how am being been on had just into in be are up am its t my why what have out whom yours for by doing our will all my herself a so be what our each a both where more do so during on has ours me t after were its where herself each or to i under it and from was to for which but these is of after between it about about hers same while what when few his but off where doing at few he then with as in or same at other under very does if were hers had very