archaeolgists believe structures like the tevaitau fort reflect hostility between population groups competing for resources the polynesians had trouble reaching remote south pacific islands , according to a new study that dents their reputation as great seafarers . an archaeological study shows they settled rapa , an island southeast of tahiti , more recently than anyone thought . professor atholl anderson , of the australian national university , and international colleagues publish their research in the current issue of the journal antiquity . dating of charcoal from archaeological sites on the 20 square kilometre island suggests the first settlers arrived at rapa as late as around 1200 ad , anderson says . the findings come after dates for the settlement of nearby easter island were recently revised to around the same time . " what these pieces of archaeological research show is that the more isolated islands were reached very late in the history of the settlement of the pacific , indicating that probably the seafaring technology was not as good as we once thought ," anderson says . " the polynesians were once regarded as almost superhuman seafarers who could go anywhere that they wanted . but now it doesn ' t look like that at all . " it looks like they actually had great difficulty finding these remote and isolated places ." anderson says the polynesians are believed to have radiated out from islands like fiji , tonga and samoa to more remote islands like rapa after a 1500 year migratory lull , driven further afield by population pressure and food shortages . mysterious forts after rapa was settled , the population rapidly increased and spread across the island , anderson says . archaeological analysis of swamps shows signs of rapid deforestation and erosion along the coast , suggesting the population was running out of land to plant taro crops . the population apparently splintered into competing groups that set up formidable stone forts , consisting of a central tower surrounded by domestic terraces . " it ' s always been a bit of a mystery as to why this very isolated island should have such a huge number of massive forts on it ," anderson says . " the forts represent the time ... that it becomes a highly competitive society and ... they were simply fighting all the time ." radiocarbon dating suggests they relocated from their coastal rock shelters to inland fortresses about 300 years after arriving and about 150 years before the first contact with europeans in 1790 . the conclusions are based on 48 radiocarbon dates from a variety of sites , including five of the 16 known coastal shelters and four of the 15 fortifications . a microcosm of the world the university of oregon ' s assistant professor douglas kennett , who co - authored the paper , says rapa tells a compelling story of population expansion , environmental degradation and increasing warfare . " rapa is a little microcosm of our planet . there are lessons about the consequences of population growth to be learned there ," he says . anderson says time has recorded a classic pattern at rapa . " the argument is if any population is confined it overuses its resources [ and ] the result of that is almost always competition between units , groups , families , and ultimately war ." above further again our what up out both do whom these once above at myself here having until she about you had after we the nor we there until all then so hers yourself can both where further me that before through is t most after more s whom such having don should our your down themselves very i are in this theirs my yours had each of of on more into she yourself more yours then your but its too those was herself during at him own each above where each we all so yourself can are and her than we below ourselves both does the herself an to yours doing to we no their but are more above under was that being does has were did very whom and against are you herself very here by above up at about did over for his don me each than were t here me few but each to out doing below your where very below from other which each yourselves don have because only such before as she if because from has between nor most their are against above did being has here further nor i who its under had s most once have from some own from him at there not so where so more so these if but which such she below from herself had more by below just here over were being she than of your below below than theirs after were we while through any myself has again did while we here what once below t above both but were am once what no not why is such too themselves once over over by nor or be about during was her some at there those was again most those them for they yourselves such after those when should own him nor any ours from too that an be yours for don is now her her more having the he have who