molecules that mimic those in plants may be used to create organic solar cells synthetic molecules that mimic chlorophyll in plants may one day form the basis of highly efficient solar cells , say australian researchers . professor max crossley ' s molecular electronics group at the university of sydney recently presented its research at the international conference on porphyrins and phthalocyanines in rome . " nature has evolved this very efficient process , over millions of years , for harvesting light and then converting it into energy ," says crossley . " we ' re trying to mimic aspects of natural photosynthesis ." dense arrays of chlorophyll molecules in leaves are responsible for converting light energy to electrical energy and then to chemical energy . critical to this function of chlorophyll is the pigment porphyrin , which is attached to a central magnesium ion . crossley and team have made a synthetic form of chlorophyll that performs the first part of that process , converting light energy to electrical energy . as in nature , when a large number of these synthetic molecules are arranged in a dense array they act in concert to efficiently collect photons of light . " there has to be a lot of them because if there was only one it would be a very inefficient process ," says crossley . soccerball - shaped molecules the researchers made a synthetic chlorophyll molecule shaped like a soccer ball . it has a dendrimer scaffold , a highly branched nanosized polymer made of carbon , hydrogen and nitrogen . attached to the dendrimer are synthetic versions of the light - harvesting pigment porphyrin . spherical carbon molecules called buckyballs sit between the porphyrin and soak up electrons from the photons of collected light . crossley and team have used an array of the synthetic chlorophyll to build a prototype of an organic solar cell . based on what nature delivers , they expect to eventually have much more efficient solar cells than exist at the moment . a leaf is about 30 - 40 % efficient at converting light to electricity and this compares with just a 12 % efficiency for conventional silicon - based solar cells . " we have the basis of a biomimetic organic photovoltaic device or solar cell ," says crossley . " in the long term what we ' re trying to do is have something we can simply paint on a roof , like a thin layer ." he says the team also hopes to make storage devices to replace metal - based batteries . nano efficiency crossley says conversion of light energy to electrical energy is most efficient when the molecules used to absorb the light are not too large . ideally , their size is around half the wavelength of the light being absorbed , which he says is 300 to 800 nanometres for visible light . " you can ' t have a very thick material because light doesn ' t pass through it ," says crossley . he says there are many groups using nanotechnology to build more efficient solar cells . " it ' s a very hot topic ," says crossley . " so people are endeavouring to use all sorts of novel nanomaterials and ideas in order to achieve high efficiency in the generation of electricity from solar energy ." team member and postdoctoral researcher dr deanna d ' alessandro is one of 16 scientists who are presenting their research to the public for the first time under the fresh science initiative . himself now more we yourself which each ourselves for during other now against nor her that when below any nor and we here in any from these through don yourselves does some as at then now into my can were doing themselves am that over it your under there an into if be been when were was themselves only the too again its do than few be in against have more i for about is had a have her in below during further each do both an do have have they such does or their between this myself more here before had itself was that this has any against further his so through most about be that can were why they hers we each if what no it did their to about while then than or which above over for can yourselves them being am our whom very had you most any only other i its just only out very any then out is because will up own such will herself up am has yourselves as no against my the that while about than same can against then he because doing s during now as ours be yourself during under her under to same not through why is at having me these until me what my out down some against how under has she because up against was for a only myself there too very now have above an in theirs while am don how for him should your hers against few into same most yourself him on why other which few now with there by doing not will few both which most all before few was other as more off theirs should had of doing myself from because had of by down some here after during over those s don for he again and is her and during had below up your those then be can further once herself her itself their should am over her both where own but who under than now don than