a wide variety of food helps brushtail possums eat and eat , without overloading their bodies with toxins brushtail possums can tell when they ' ve eaten too much of their favourite snacks , according to new research revealing their uncanny ability to regulate what goes into their mouths . unlike humans , who can pig out on chocolate or hot chips until we make ourselves sick , possums know exactly when they ' re starting to overload their system with toxins , says researcher dr karen marsh of the australian national university . " they ' re really good at regulating their intake and knowing exactly how much they can eat ," she says of the marsupial herbivores . marsh reports in a recent issue of the journal ecology that the common brushtail possum ( trichosurus vulpecula ) thrives when it eats a wide variety of foods , rather than a limited range . the reasons for this have been unclear in the past . but marsh says her study supports one of the leading theories , which suggests that possums are better able to neutralise small amounts of naturally occurring toxins from a variety of foods than a high - toxin load from a single food . food toxins because of its plant - based diet , the brushtail possum eats foods that not only contain nutrients , but potentially toxic by - products . it neutralises these in various ways , for example , by oxidising the toxins or converting them into different molecules . if the possum only eats one food it will reach the threshold for that particular toxin faster than if it selects from a wider smorgasbord . " basically they seem to be able to recognise whether toxins are similar or different and feed accordingly ," marsh says . " what we think happens is that the toxins activate the emetic pathways in the body so the possums start to feel sick when their detox pathways get saturated ." getting rid of toxins marsh tested the hypothesis by identifying various toxin thresholds in the possums and working out how each was eliminated by analysing metabolites in their urine . she then offered the possums a range of foods with similar toxin pathways and a range of foods with different pathways . she found the possums ate less when the foods activated similar pathways . marsh says it ' s important to understand the mechanisms that regulate diet in possums because it can help in their conservation . " we want to know what sort of habitat is going to be suitable for them ," she says . " can they survive in a habitat that ' s been degraded and only has one type of plant , or do they really need that mix ... so they can be swapping between the different plants ?" she says humans should have the same responses to food toxins , but most toxic metabolites have been eliminated from our food , making us more prone to overeating . has too down through our under then some them where are was into such very hers her they am of more above its through themselves further t under some this does our when were down his by no been to she herself most have between until what all to as with into ours same few he as the whom the they by for hers through just am can about as up between a under not or am between than if did yourselves some an most so once will am himself of through nor each does where is than is your our these below me that will do own each their i off after him those you your it both more all up into hers about again for it all such no we an above himself was she she their were be here out was an yourself them who does other so this can we will their an me as those is ours here him no but my in themselves of by hers out all hers both that are or just about myself herself have doing with how when she t before she just our again theirs ours ours by about here until does don against the doing whom he them during most than her very his himself his any not were had our those until such nor s t having before so again ourselves when or below ourselves down those