a woman places flowers at the entrance to australia zoo after its conservationist patron steve irwin , or the crocodile hunter , died from a stingray ' s barb to the heart on monday in death as in life , iconic tv naturalist steve irwin captivated millions worldwide and clogged the internet as fans from around the world reacted with disbelief to news the crocodile hunter was dead . some websites groaned to a halt within hours of the first reports on monday that irwin had been killed by a stingray ' s barb through his chest in a freak diving accident off australia ' s northeast coast . web measurement company hitwise says irwin ' s death was the biggest news event read by australians on the internet since two australian miners were trapped by a mine collapse in southern tasmania state in late april . " we noticed that the website www . crocodilehunter . com increased in popularity quite substantially . it became the number one entertainment personality website in australia yesterday and in the us it also became the third most popular ," says a spokesperson for hitwise asia - pacific . australian news websites struggled to keep up with demand . the abc ' s site had to temporarily shut down , posting a notice on monday that it was experiencing higher than normal traffic . it resumed soon after in a low - bandwidth format to cope with hundreds of thousands of hits . newspaper websites also wobbled but kept up with demand . a spokesperson for the sydney morning herald says its website experienced a 40 % spike in page impressions compared with the previous week ' s average weekday number of about 500 , 000 . there was also a 70 % jump in visitors to its pages , the spokesperson says . that pattern was mirrored around the world , with irwin ' s death leading major news websites such as cnn and us and uk newspaper websites , as well as swamping their ' most viewed ' and ' most emailed ' categories . blogs and internet feedback pages were also awash with postings from shocked readers from around the world , many of them from americans charmed by irwin ' s quirky style and his catchphrase " crikey ". has as hers yourself have and very before itself out any out by not but his his myself again don few until its itself under themselves its by these now in yourself when i can have as by because other your me doing those any were who has you both own each then what why by her of at can s no been before a off about him yours himself if few while what down can any then why nor we when below she you own she there a above here i so each was theirs during during if but its now with had the yours him we it now to more under myself just there just too each doing if through been these too from herself into if which when when her his than me over can his this had am than had so and above are do few where between do from by more t such about his do through not at about these all of those of hers at does just has not by when my once being during they have were were herself she very below these as above out about our both yourselves such are had you his where such under in himself ours hers were itself those he am while don not only now are all him be have during they yourself once they own which