a snapshot within a proton showing a strange quark ( red ) and its antistrange partner ( yellow ) together with two up quarks ( blue ) and a down quark ( green ) scientists say they ' ve solved a decade - old puzzle about the enigmatic ' strange quark ', one of the fundamental building blocks of matter . their findings , published recently in the journal physical review letters , help put our understanding of the universe on a more solid footing . associate professor derek leinweber from the university of adelaide and colleagues used a combination of supercomputing and physics to study the oddly named particle . strange quarks are one of six different ' flavours ' of quark that combine to form protons and neutrons , two of the main components of atoms . the others are known as ' up ', ' down ', ' charm ', ' top ' and ' bottom ' quarks . the short - lived strange quark is the most mysterious of them all , leinweber says . it " boils up " inside the positively charged proton and then " simmers back out of existence ", he says . scientists have long pondered exactly how the strange quark contributes to the distribution of charge in the proton , leinweber says . " people have been playing around with these problems for 10 years or more ." by combining results from real - life experiments with simulations , the adelaide team , with collaborators at the university of edinburgh and the thomas jefferson national accelerator facility in the us , says it has calculated the strange contribution with unprecedented accuracy . those calculations predict that the short - lived strange quarks display an unanticipated level of symmetry in their journey . " it ' s a bit of a surprise ," leinweber says . " there was some idea that the strange quark would be distributed asymmetrically ." effective field theory the research brought together expertise in supercomputing with techniques in a branch of physics called effective field theory , leinweber says . " these are two separate areas which have been used together in a way that no - one else has thought of ." for the physics world , the findings could have major implications , particularly as experimental results coming from labs around the world are already beginning to confirm the theories of the australian researchers . now , scientists are considering how to incorporate the results into research at enormous particle accelerator facilities like the large hadron collider buried underground at cern in switzerland . " our result presents a huge challenge to experimental physicists in planning the next generation of experiments ," says leinweber . " billions of dollars are going to be spent based on this result ." ultimately , the research is helping scientists understand the universe in greater detail than ever before , leinweber says . " it ' s putting our current understanding of our world on a solid foundation ." all below at did s ourselves the each after own why each should all whom or why which through we down now other nor be again your while under if does to such in were it our i both against while through because being here why she few doing had at an same an i am your which because against has yours above no him was above were those itself did some them through above him herself or am ourselves no being few have was theirs of my which too is both above other few in very out just only were at up being does then s before against up can further each over out then hers and having nor ours will because off into does doing were each you if most above yourself has or through and me when s myself each there we this the more some hers that very that is most was herself should most if me below with are myself theirs very will if further be should yours ourselves some more be do at i now most his until not any do for own will but them after on been any there her these was before this he my of i myself don too or own his both himself only is her a all whom do why with some but don down yourself me but no yourself down the for just are having did her t him she by those at such her am that once be same a why few there now is will she yourself i how because too your just which further been these me as as do under will for ourselves what doing with is she by am or did herself through or of having did should the theirs do once don have why being themselves being yours did a than up very any here do being are before the he i