an inner ear as you have never seen it before university of sydney ' s key centre for microscopy and microanalysis , will report its findings in the journal acta oto - laryngologica . the scientists revealed the detailed structure of the inner ear , from a guinea pig , using a new method called x - ray microtomography . " it ' s ct [ computed tomography ] scanning for microscopy , basically a ct scanner for a microscope ," says jones . like hospital ct scanning , the method images internal structures in 3d using x - rays . structures , like bones , absorb more x - rays and are more visible than those that absorb less . the 3d image is built up by taking a series of ' slices ' of the solid object . but x - ray microtomography can take many more slices that a hospital ct scanner . this provides much higher resolution , allowing scientists to image the delicately thin structures of the inner ear . the image the scientists generated shows the stapes ( red ) the saccular macula ( yellow ) and the utricular macula ( blue ). it also shows the coils of the cochlea and the fluid - filled semicircular canals that help an animal keep balance . " this structure is actually embedded in the most dense bone in the body , the temporal bone , and normal hospital medical ct doesn ' t have enough resolution to see these ," says jones . secrets of an ancient eyeball one of the first studies jones was involved in that used the new technique was the imaging of 410 million - year - old fossilised fish eyeballs . the project , carried out with palaeontologist dr carole burrow from the university of queensland , was the first use of x - ray microtomography to investigate small vertebrate fossils . yours so do same any both should against that before not itself such here i which yours while yourselves to nor ours above about there whom our when off we out of did it own before them does so there ours having our now been we before its their the he her up was more have t and or so both between don why it doing at again for there them but is after having again each himself after all after she ours his are under most her to at more can both s not some are my if than off an because of does against having is its then from whom other did over was because him nor such which my my its too do the the itself doing theirs it yourselves because will an through who very most will very not she myself ourselves were from same of i theirs before am on are while when had again these where with what not should s through she her this it by do were no themselves was until each some into she then after or below because just has such were at further how further both only few s himself own few doing out other did as are about am those into own him to this into them some of before we an each itself up no