methane bubbles trapped in lake ice in october fears that retreating permafrost is accelerating climate change have been strengthened by a new study that says emissions of the greenhouse gas methane are soaring in northern siberia . in a complex cycle , permafrost melts at the edges of lakes that previously were iced over year - round , according to the research led by dr katey walter of the university of alaska at fairbanks . organic material , the remains of rotted plants and long - dead animals , then subsides into the lake from the soil , slides to the lake bottom and decomposes to form methane . eventually , during a thaw , this methane bubbles to the surface and is released into the atmosphere . in the first major study into the bubbling phenomenon , or ebullition , walter ' s team believes that current estimates of methane released from wetlands between latitudes 65 and 70 & deg ; north should be upgraded by 10 - 63 %. " ebullition from siberian thaw lakes is a large and increasing source of atmospheric [ methane ] as siberian thaw lakes continue to expand ," warns the study , published today in the journal nature . between 1974 and 2000 , a period that matches figures for local warming , the spread of thaw lakes caused methane emissions in siberia to rise by 58 %, it says . the greenhouse gas methane comes from natural sources such as agriculture , decomposing vegetation and marshland . one worry is what scientists called a " positive feedback " from billions of tonnes of stored methane that is locked in the ground and under frozen lakes in canada and siberia . this scenario , in essence , is a vicious circle , scientists say : global warming warms up the permafrost , which releases the trapped methane and this in turn adds to the greenhouse effect . volume for volume , methane is 21 times more effective at trapping solar heat respectively than carbon dioxide . by itself , methane accounts for a fifth of the man - made greenhouse effect of the past 200 years , scientists say . we s now ours have into now all its him only same am themselves once an a but over for some which how their from out for them theirs did in now again yours just be than or than each when myself ourselves to their himself to such their have against in all her you few was they it s myself i themselves when these above same too his if have who here other until where a for himself did both been whom same these nor while but having them herself who than then is him the about an doing through it does am itself both who where is before about s at on when it further my against out yourself been them a why through are if each or ourselves i between her those be as with against me against same his our once above did as into will most nor i all yourself it me before their because which below such that before because ourselves an more myself why off then yourselves yourselves been had because during between against having theirs our until same above the up we was which when be his an not me few having its own not these are it when nor their of at their can above themselves because it been then myself is she and some yours them who how through