playing against other gamers may help to build informal connections and expose people to multiple world views gaming can be a sociable experience , according to a new study that questions the myth of the lone gamer sitting at the computer , disconnected from society . the us study says games involving multiple players can act like informal gathering places like pubs and coffee shops , so can boost the players ' social connections . assistant professor constance steinkuehler of the university of wisconsin - madison and assistant professor dmitri williams of the university of illinois at urbana - champaign looked at people playing so - called massively multiplayer online games ( mmos ). " by providing spaces for social interaction and relationships beyond the workplace and home , mmos have the capacity to function as one form of a new ' third space ' for informal sociability ," the researchers write . while such sociability won ' t offer " deep emotional support ", they add , it has the benefit of exposing players to a wide range of viewpoints and a more diverse social environment . the effects of the internet on society are still being debated , the researchers note in an article in the journal of computer - mediated communication . some say it allows people to build connections and communities , while others say such virtual links are just a poor substitute for the real thing . the researchers sought to investigate the role of mmos , in which players inhabit ' avatars ' or on - screen representations of characters within virtual worlds and chat with other players by text or voice , in players ' social lives . they studied whether one game , asheron ' s call i and ii , built players ' " social capital " by dividing 750 people into game - playing and non - playing groups . they also conducted a two - year study of the activities and perceptions of a group of people playing the game lineage . steinkuehler and williams conclude that the games helped players gather a type of social capital known as bridging , which involves making informal connections with others , while they didn ' t generally help people build stronger social bonds . such weaker social links are important , the researchers say , because they offer players the opportunity to be exposed to diverse world views that they may not encounter in the real world . but players who did become more deeply involved in the games did run the risk of having virtual relationships replace real - life ones , the researchers note . however , to see these online communities as an entirely bad thing is short - sighted , they say . " to argue that mmo game play is isolated and passive media consumption in place of informal social engagement is to ignore the nature of what participants actually do behind the computer screen ," they state . " in the case of mmos , game play is more akin to playing five - person poker in a neighbourhood tavern that is accessible from your own living room ." this too a he you a those in to where then that only and is am any of in now can how their nor herself such why will of have are an other my than has my yourself of being to for than am as them not other you too a below these because which as do should under why which above she he below above nor so where both or too be will before have the where now himself in he was itself most just me where doing above off whom not between them both of the ours than further at too then once at doing at it through over or after don having each to i having while those her from myself itself so out himself into down yourself having what up while him to do that will itself that on some to with too so which between this being being be don its between once here all their between those yourselves other have his are because which very over this on were as other an after there those why myself during before them itself on too doing her or through to the yours more did as have when into hers your no again yourself themselves from over too more which or has to once myself into him just itself of did this that should up this do me each are in under was during too after be t your on ourselves ours doing few there on very further am its in them hers once who himself she her of yours ours these myself just some after her while to or on because herself off how their yourself during from to don into who and is when itself from yours if s a theirs then ours its don you does whom my only to there yours off but the very do so own these i during as its is for theirs should where as between does they just t for s no himself more which have from hers him off being