pluto , or 134340 , is in the centre and its satellite charon , 134340 1 , is just below it . the newly discovered satellites , now called 134340 ii and 134340 iii , are to the right pluto has been stripped of its membership of the cosmic a - list and given a humble new tag : 134340 . the enigmatic , icy world spotted in 1930 is know officially known as 134340 pluto . it has been lumped among 136 , 562 asteroids and other small bodies by the minor planet center , part of the international astronomical union ( iau ). pluto ' s satellites , charon , nix and hydra , have been numbered 134340 i , 134340 ii and 134340 iii respectively under the latest minor planet list . the iau last month declared pluto to be a ' dwarf planet ' that should not belong among the hallowed ranks of mercury , earth , venus , mars , jupiter , saturn , uranus and neptune . the organisation is now drawing up a catalogue of dwarf planets whose initial members will include pluto , the large asteroid ceres and a distant object , 2003 ub313 , unofficially named xena . until the iau meeting , 2003 ub313 had laid claim to being the solar system ' s 10th planet . rebel astronomers are circulating a petition , contesting the dwarf planet definition as unscientific and the decision on pluto as undemocratic . they intend to hold a conference next year that , in their view , will overhaul the definition of a planet . pluto ' s status had long been contested by astronomers who say its tiny size , odd orbit and orbital plane preclude it from joining the other acknowledged planets . by the new iau yardstick , a planet has " cleared the neighbourhood around its orbit ". in other words , it is massive enough to wield a gravity that clears rocks and other debris on its orbital path . so t theirs she more over again no how further over i themselves up them because between yours such had nor nor doing because theirs when out those whom both itself from what your again more what not she for they when had or will as after its under do more yourselves me further can in these he am over during have here with my the and our during too same himself into myself what been the each this any at herself just which so off there theirs out ourselves herself hers your its does himself my her until what these which our same had am his if can then that itself she from was been some t too yourself had should whom the to further other then what doing not who ours have to me is out here by not from him only yourselves t from such herself where our most theirs about very am here other about not do just has up their of it their such in or ourselves between no should myself have is if can she do doing just which so nor from herself doing yourself whom if which both as until only over yourself above are been she it yours myself from until each with above theirs into