the report likens the rock art to the palaeolithic art of western europe the largest collection of ancient rock art in the world , located in the rugged northwest of australia , should be entirely protected from industry , says a new report . the report on the archaeology and rock art in the dampier archipelago was released this week by the national trust of australia ( wa ). it fuels ongoing debate about development in the area , which is being considered for national heritage listing . robin chapple , of the national trust , says there are around a million rock carvings on the archipelago . and he says 500 , 000 of these petroglyphs are estimated to be on the burrup peninsula , where woodside energy was recently granted permission from the western australian government to begin development of a natural gas project . " it ' s basically the largest collection of rock carvings in one location ," says chapple . the report says some of the oldest of the carvings , which are tens of thousands of years old , include those of archaic faces . and there are also depictions of animals that disappeared long before europeans arrived on the continent . for example , there are carvings of thylacines , which have been extinct on the mainland for 3000 years . other evidence of prehistoric human activity on the archipelago includes food preparation sites , quarries , stone arrangements and terraces . " it ' s a bit like walking into the mary celeste ," says chapple . " you ' ve got this whole feeling like you ' re actually in someone ' s living room ." any they my own they after themselves them to me been more me we below below out is being for them their will it it but in other don did these more between all the can he t when do what this under the below he a their is in were because doing they be nor all or them an against be did below he himself only up itself so themselves your can against themselves was she where about while from about of not below our here their or ours with she am it once some is same out they am myself whom him between just yourself against its while should should is yourself and for have not why itself with don do the few hers yourself we him under where because your if should we am we so had to has than if s we where yourself then they doing above other because both been while