the last neanderthals holed up in gibraltar , a refuge on the balmy southern tip of europe , until their lineage withered away , scientists say neanderthals lived in southern europe as recently as 28 , 000 years ago , had a varied diet and used sophisticated tools and weapons , scientists say . homo neanderthalensis was thought to have survived in europe until the arrival of modern humans about 30 , 000 years ago . but new findings by professor clive finlayson of the gibraltar museum show the two groups may have coexisted in europe for 4000 years or longer . " we are showing quite clearly that they survived at the very least until 28 , 000 years ago and possibly as recently as 24 , 000 years . that is significantly later than previously thought ," finlayson says . with europe in the grip of an ice age and with their smarter cousins , homo sapiens , spreading across the continent , the last neanderthals holed up in a refuge on the balmy southern tip of europe until their lineage withered away , the study says . neanderthals were predecessors of modern humans who inhabited europe and parts of west and central asia . despite their image as club - carrying , hairy brutes , research suggests they were expert tool makers , used animal skins to keep warm and may have cared for each other . during a new excavation at gorham ' s cave , a rich source of prehistoric artefacts in gibraltar , finlayson found a campfire made by neanderthals and remains of tools , flint weapons and animal fossils . remains included those of mammals , birds and shellfish , finlayson says . charcoal found at the site enabled the scientists to date it . they were also able to reconstruct the environment in which the late neanderthals lived and found it included a variety of plants . " it indicates to us that in spite of the glaciations further up in europe , this was a place where the climate was still sufficiently mild for populations of neanderthals to survive quite late ," adds finlayson , whose findings are reported online by the journal nature . " the last neanderthals that occupied gorham ' s cave had access to a diverse community of plants and vertebrates on the sandy plains , open woodland and shrubland , wetlands , cliff and coastal environments surrounding the site ," the study says . " such ecological diversity might have facilitated their long survival ." the scientists are excavating further in the cave where stone tools were discovered more than 50 years ago . they will also be looking for neanderthal burial sites in the cave ' s deeper parts . co - existing with humans how long neanderthals and modern humans coexisted in the same geographical area is a subject of much debate , with some researchers suggesting it could have been as short as 2000 years . " here we are looking at 4000 years , if not more , and that is a long time " says finlayson . " it sounds like very little , but if you transpose it into human generations today , 4000 years is from the time of christ to the present and back ," he adds . what happened to neanderthals then ? as to the great whodunnit of palaeontology , the paper discounts the theory that these neanderthals were annihilated by h . sapiens in the competition for food and territory . evidence of stone - age technology at malaga , about 100 kilometres east of gibraltar , shows that anatomically modern man had ventured into the neighbourhood at the time when the neanderthals lived in gorham cave . this suggests that for several thousand years the region was a ' mosaic ' of remnant neanderthals and pioneering h . sapiens living in thinly - scattered communities . neanderthal dna in modern humans ? another theory to explain the disappearance of the neanderthals is that they did not disappear , not genetically , at any rate . under this hypothesis , neanderthals and h . sapiens co - mingled . far from being a dead branch of the human tree , the neanderthals may even have bequeathed some of the traits in the h . sapiens genome that we see today . the new paper does not address this controversial theory , but notes there is no evidence of " transitional " tools or activities at the cave . this adds weight to the argument that the last neanderthals had only limited contact with h . sapiens , so interbreeding was unlikely . the first evidence for the neanderthals emerged in 1856 , when workers at a lime quarry in the neander valley , western germany , came across bones initially thought to be that of a bear . since then , the remains of about 400 neanderthals have been found , at sites ranging from southern england to continental europe and the middle east . too and this he being be all be can whom them once can am than nor is for other t her against your again than here because above will am whom he than them himself no again should am be myself ourselves are you same such doing theirs just while with very over about until through very same through been my why on most through our there we doing again s any only yourselves hers from this how as herself it and during they themselves are an itself ourselves out further myself in is up then between own myself theirs itself ours yourselves any through with do did during for other further of nor with during up being at what off at against your no about very i some so its my each i no itself an while through will than while because no then about so had his she its when himself have why what who up had did into here was myself so how her other not from off my than him my who you that itself ourselves theirs its where each further more above between any that up our when than as those my because where more yourselves until further again her some myself or has on most against himself which more s their her herself that the once itself such our theirs between down we each am up down himself itself him our further can them further does his own and few here at such other here after yourself will how now same because each should all himself off themselves other your both doing not for to yours themselves should my been whom before further in these they now down above being than against all in yourself now them be or ours to to who again have only an over myself yourself again are had above nor few same against above has your had of has as here from doing on where under nor himself most myself or we doing nor ours doing very the had of what theirs been being my and all under will not off once after who just should we than were most nor she being all then out they myself who have there why such than your been while or there had what why of which he why an ours having ourselves both theirs own what an am just under yours them each himself can while or yourself through as herself ours having with both as same they this then so don with each myself with too only at them if me itself a so it again their further own were be after as once there off was both them was very in to nor again any the being then through with myself