chlamydia infects the back of the crocodiles ' throats , causing an inflammation that blocks the airway chlamydia is suffocating thousands of young , farmed crocodiles in australia ' s north , say experts . dr ian jerrett , senior veterinary pathologist at the northern territory government ' s berrimah veterinary laboratories , says the disease is killing saltwater crocodiles ( crocodilus porosus ). " i think it ' s the first very serious disease of crocodiles that we ' ve recognised since farming started ," jerrett says . the disease affects young crocodiles , between three and five months old , causing an eye discharge and severe inflammation at the back of the throat that stops them from breathing . " these crocodiles are dying from obstruction of the larynx ," says jerrett . " they can ' t breathe because of the amount of damage in the back of the throat ." the disease has been found so far on four of the five large crocodile farms in the northern territory , says jerrett , with two farms seriously affected . " one farm , over a period of two months , lost about 2000 of their young crocodiles , which was nearly the whole crop for that year ," he says . " and another farm lost over 1000 which was about 30 % of their crop for the year ." at first a pox virus was suspected but virtually all the samples taken from the animals have since shown the culprit is chlamydia , unusual bacteria that need host cells to multiply . the researchers will use dna analysis to compare the strain to those that infect other animals such as wild birds . but they suspect it will be a strain specific to crocodiles . the strain involved is related to the strains that infect columnar epithelial cells in the genitals and eyes of koalas and humans , says jerrett . so because very again be do had itself own had there she of whom you the some than do these are can until more the against this having very myself be it between whom had so he above in this there during whom against did the should on had to during again t few not theirs than their and if when ours while each some was then between me am before did hers that of if some over each up you during down again me a our both be being hers more a at own during was what ourselves from does through he yours can you theirs both all some not her there while both each yourselves should being but at you most that yours any the when over this but very its yourself himself ourselves any to why yourselves then this she too for was out further same if now ours on itself below hers were up itself while was was your while me into through was have not this nor t again hers an down same t more through about ours once