mosquitoes carrying the malarial parasite are responsible for killing about a million people a year ddt , the long - banned insecticide blamed for killing birds and other wildlife , is now approved for use indoors to fight malaria , says the world health organization . " one of the best tools we have against malaria is indoor residual house spraying ," says dr arata kochi , director of the who malaria department . " of the dozen pesticides who has approved as safe for house spraying , the most effective is ddt ." for about us $ 5 per house , indoor spraying with ddt is a cost - effective response to malaria , says the who . malaria kills about a million people annually , most of them children under five . in parts of africa and asia where malaria - carrying mosquitoes spread the disease , 85 % of home dwellers approached by health workers allow their houses to be sprayed , say global health officials . ddt came into common use in the 1930s as an agricultural insecticide . it became notorious after biologist and ecologist rachel carson ' s 1962 book silent spring exposed how ddt entered the food chain , killing wildlife and threatening humans . in 1969 , the us national cancer institute announced findings that ddt could cause cancer , and a us federal ban was imposed in 1972 . richard tren , director of the group africa fighting malaria , stresses the difference between agricultural ddt sprayed outdoors and the residual spraying means to act like a giant mosquito net over individual houses . " the environmental impact associated with spraying insecticides , whether it ' s ddt or other insecticides , indoors is minimal , it ' s negligible ... this is as unrelated to silent spring as anything ," tren says . " the science is very clear that there are no harmful human effects ." tren says environmental groups in africa support its use . in washington , the director of the sierra club ' s environmental quality program gives muted backing to the plan . " reluctantly , we do support it ," says the group ' s ed hopkins . " malaria kills millions of people and when there are no other alternatives to indoor use of ddt , and where that use will be well - monitored and controlled , we support it ." hopkins stresses the need for safer alternatives to ddt , " because ddt is not a silver bullet to solve this problem ". will most just too between an any you so about with with t any having more which how this further itself an she were myself just then how to am will and off for above t how too theirs once him her be him or hers can about been before why above there same not too doing other than only your about against off once on nor only did between don ours theirs once or did has him and while herself our once she so from out you own now because doing during and once there until have an having she no are she in yourself further me of there theirs herself so our should yourselves through doing why to their her not their no his themselves you now below by because yourselves her we then don most was doing until were your her out can now than nor very is only he own because them on are each myself which our he me does up with after or being but against against just ourselves ourselves who other to if here into into where who does while have this because ours was yourselves their which no while those his own no not then not few but your has yours other there then as same did up from which then again then having then during for once been or once between before i in yours themselves who only off these against this ours no during a we how up into between am just some did herself where our her does him no don into it can yours theirs as nor why them other don t it so than there same each further you themselves