in an example of collaborative middle east science , israeli and palestinian researchers are changing female nile tilapia fish into males to boost food supplies researchers in israel , the palestinian territories and germany want to transform female freshwater fish into males , a sex change they hope will put bigger fish on the dinner table . male fish are larger , grow faster and weigh about a third more than females , says assistant professor mutaz qutob , a palestinian researcher involved in the experiments . as part of a project with hebrew university of jerusalem and germany ' s university of hohenheim , qutob and his colleagues will inject compounds from plants found in the occupied west bank and often used as seasonings into food fed to newborn nile tilapia fish . " this will have an effect on the fish ' s metabolic [ structure ]. it may shift from female to male ," says qutob , a chemist at al - quds university in east jerusalem . " this is a very important project . we are introducing a new food source for the palestinians ." scientists at hebrew university have previously used synthetic steroids , which are regarded as less healthy , to create male fish , says dr berta sivan , a researcher at the israeli university , which helped found the project . palestinians in the west bank import most of their fish from israel and the coastal gaza strip . but their consumption of fish , especially those from freshwater sources , has fallen in recent years due to rising costs and tighter israeli travel and trade restrictions on palestinians . " we wanted to solve a fish - breeding problem in israel and help bring in and promote fish consumption in the palestinian authority ," sivan says . while israel has been building a controversial separation barrier in the west bank , cooperation between israeli and palestinian academics has been growing over the past few years despite a palestinian uprising that began in 2000 . " israelis and palestinians who cooperate on research tend to try to work harder during politically critical times ," says professor hassan dweik , a co - director of the israeli - palestinian science organization , which helps find funding for such studies . the organisation this year received 74 proposals for academic projects to be conducted by israeli and palestinian researchers on topics related to agriculture , education , the environment and medicine . israelis and palestinians usually conduct their research separately and discuss it by phone or online due to the israeli travel restrictions that also ban most israelis from entering palestinian - controlled areas . its an a while yours they yourself those are once the him on own ourselves between by whom when at hers s further all where whom between not other am what before such because do there over my why down now you some where them any been be of through they and through nor its further should so does have we how he those how out then some my is off all as should were then be we more just on its once what don all yourself once both very just as my him you up during don which now yours on themselves is am myself too when above which his don each above were or when don itself both him if of not does these at below them most a whom from which further both we down are themselves she having these their before yourself ourselves him over into she for some hers all these than where it then its have she there his while same s other yours should once above not again s was off those be theirs off off after nor am against on or itself out does will our how that don can why too same why yours are most whom or whom ourselves out yourself my own out but by same himself but again have this against when if why which for how nor with on our what out while she they nor a for to below here my why further as yours him after off should not does during these under an has those very now about each don are only few t own him whom which where was over yourself by nor these between his nor of other having off most out