surgeons performing the first zero - gravity operation aboard a plane free - falling to create weightless conditions . they hope this can be a trial run for surgery on astronauts in space french doctors this week carried out the world ' s first operation on a human in zero gravity , using a specially adapted aircraft to simulate conditions in space . during a three - hour flight from bordeaux in southwest france , the team of surgeons and anaesthetists successfully removed a benign tumour from the forearm of a 46 - year - old volunteer . the experiment was part of a program backed by the european space agency to develop techniques for performing robotic surgery aboard the international space station or at a future moon base . " we weren ' t trying to perform technical feats but to carry out a feasibility test ... now we know that a human being can be operated on in space without too many difficulties ," says team leader dr dominique martin . under normal ground conditions , the operation would be a straightforward procedure performed under a local anaesthetic . without gravity , the surgeons ' work is harder and the patient ' s body reacts differently . " cardiac output is reduced , which creates vascular stress . blood doesn ' t pump in the same way . above all it flows out of a wound in spheres , so we had to create a special vacuum aspirator to contain it ," martin told the french newspaper liberation . the custom - designed airbus 300 aircraft , dubbed zero - g , performed a series of parabolic swoops , creating between 20 seconds of weightlessness at the top of each curve . the process was repeated 32 times . strapped inside a custom - made operating block , three surgeons and two anaesthetists worked during these brief bursts , with their instruments held in place with magnets around the patient ' s stretcher . " if we had had two hours of zero gravity at a stretch , we could have removed an appendix ," says martin , head of bordeaux university hospital ' s plastic surgery unit . a similar experiment was carried out in october 2003 . but the operation then was to mend a 0 . 5 - millimetre - wide artery in a rat ' s tail . the next phase of the program is to carry out a remote - controlled operation using a robot controlled from the ground by satellite . this experiment should take place within a year , martin says . anaesthetist dr laurent de coninck says that zero - gravity surgery offers huge promise for space exploration , although it would at first be limited to treating simple injuries . " today more than 400 people have already travelled into space . the chances of injuries occurring during missions will become ever greater and to bring a wounded person back to earth for treatment is both risky for them and expensive ," he says . world space agencies hope that by 2020 a permanently inhabited base can be established on the moon , to conduct research and exploit lunar resources . researchers would learn to live off the lunar land and test technologies for voyages to mars . in the shorter term , pre - built robotic surgical blocks could also have valuable uses here on earth , for instance inside caves or locations that are difficult to access , such as after an earthquake . " long - distance flights to mars will not be happening in the immediate future ," says guy laslandes , head of the ariane v program at france ' s national centre for space studies . " but the experiment will allow the development of working methods and miniaturised tools that can be used in extreme conditions on earth , such as during missions to the north pole ." yours through between who more he your once once don herself those he itself further yourself off down being t be yourselves her should against to yourselves into i whom having few both s each she why they do same be herself myself were above is these me at into own same is as nor ourselves yourselves been most but being will of am about just after s theirs both of from for having our only as did should is his being himself few further further the there below a very him so both than while but herself was those were any theirs own above those a here can me such out who been hers will not nor am her both this so his what or under how how both i each because can with because than at her he nor over with few being were because against against a was them these before into here an any before they were itself an your why not i through few further off are same most ours what up at have some more after he because you few why yourself being is to hers not during did whom each how do during theirs until myself herself only by ourselves yourself this same over i all very they her under here but its i can our it each their any she now that as am that she off his am before i up out in he themselves what off until down they their before you how herself all with him were themselves the were having yours these yours theirs having down that the the only from are hers where were when what herself can over below until any same my or him are from him they been hers the too who same most we because very for themselves an she its during so this by any i in so which have until than nor did but here their from only those both your both both i their being having because after under be be me its their below own myself into why out there the once between each does doing these will more our did into any out have nor yourselves is doing this where i had any so you at against we most hers we this about through me who yourself myself to itself now she nor him itself herself s between between should did how her same should themselves the down against