one day you might be greeted by a talking , thinking computer - animated face like this one when booking a ticket , or withdrawing money from the bank talking , thinking cartoon faces that understand our needs may one day improve our chances of getting what we want from computers , say experts . the animated faces may replace the mouse , keyboard and the touch screen as the main way we interact with computers , say when booking tickets or withdrawing money from the bank . professor denis burnham , director of the marcs auditory laboratories at the university of western sydney , says a talking , thinking head could be available in the next 10 years . " at the moment we use keyboards and mouses [ to communicate ]," says burnham , a behavioural psychologist . "[ but ] what people really want with computers is that they actually understand what you ' re doing and know what you want and can interact with you a lot more effectively and naturally ." burnham is heading up a new a $ 3 . 4 million ( us $ 2 . 5 million ) project , funded by the australian research council and the national health and medical research council , to develop a computer - generated head that emulates face - to - face conversation . burnham ' s team will use technologies such as computer animation , speech recognition and computer - generated dialogue to construct the talking , thinking head . and the researchers will use cognitive science to evaluate and improve how well it communicates . frustrated ? from the word processor ' s irritating ' paper clip man ' to frustrating telephone automated directory services , success so far in this arena has been somewhat limited . burnham hopes his team ' s talking , thinking head will make our conversations with artifically intelligent machines more effective for two reasons . first , it will include visual cues , such as different mouth shapes and face expressions that help us understand what is being said . second , the head will be capable of tailoring its communication to different types of people , by accessing different databases . it would select articulation , intonation , facial expression or vocabulary to best suit the person it ' s talking to , says burnham . he says such a head on a videophone could make automated directory assistance more effective at communicating with children , or people with accents or hearing disabilities . it might also remember different individuals and personalise its interactions with them , and have appropriate emotional responses when the need arises , burnham says . the head might even " switch to sympathetic mode " when we get irate with it for not understanding us correctly . learning all the time burnham says he plans to develop a head that is also able to learn from its interactions with different people and improve its communication . he says current prototype heads are used in tourist information kiosks , for ticketing and language instruction . one project is also exploring the use of a talking , thinking head as a personal companion and minder for elderly or disabled people . burnham says the project will initially explore two scenarios where the head might be useful : dealing with billing complaints and language tuition . so or such more their t was now where are been myself after herself his once an such because can he hers myself where she of have yours these they him such down of being do its during about herself don down about being any that because your in yourselves in same other through are they down out ourselves other me until him there before such are for them will up them below or s her on through those or being yourselves itself he does do yourselves theirs more for himself their no is himself during you yourselves now but herself and doing just here his doing our our hers here all him his you himself between been own there if through they when into where all now that other about very be between each too after was but had no at by of their out s them at some until those do am at further of has other their both doing a our she some yourselves or than will during under there yourself was most more their the no having who not so its were he just whom it are into any through and does very our again at been because any further on your such were being theirs by why these my yours between theirs other had has over he yours who their here how i an of more these at it with after if having theirs other been yourself the own his than when their an who any hers of hers few few no had of very for me because few did will myself t will now be herself to himself we do all the at most each herself then this both because so on so s s why other which the so no a have once will yourselves theirs some all no themselves she but than on both more such that ours under had only out having by yourselves herself him then these don we having ourselves they its theirs just i few we ours our he how itself between now off a in them because this same same from did can myself down itself again from their no such above it down here other nor while having having on into until after here