dust mites and their faeces contain an enzyme that destroys the protective function of the skin , leaving it open to other irritants dust mites , which infest the cleanest homes and thrive in bedding and carpets , disrupt the protective function of the skin , a study has found . this leaves it vulnerable to other allergens and irritants in the environment . house dust mites and their droppings have long been linked to asthma and eczema attacks , and researchers in japan say they think they know why . in a paper to be published in the journal of investigative dermatology , the researchers found that mites and their faeces contain an enzyme , which destroys the protective function of the skin , leaving it vulnerable to other irritants . " people go to hospital only after they develop severe [ skin ] disease , but little is known as to what happened or what caused it ," says assistant professor toshiro takai of the atopy research centre at the juntendo university school of medicine in tokyo . " our study suggests that it may be due to the disruption of the barrier function of the skin [ by the dust mite ]." in their experiment , the scientists dabbed hairless mice with a solution containing the mite enzyme and observed that the rodents soon suffered water loss from their skins . they then dabbed the mice with riboflavin , or vitamin b2 , which is accepted in the scientific community as a substitute for allergens and irritants in the environment . " we observed in the mice transepidermal water loss , which is an indication of disruption of the skin barrier . we also observed the penetration of riboflavin into the skin ," takai says . takai says the finding provides an explanation for skin - related allergies in humans and he hopes dermatologists would investigate more closely into the role of the dust mite . " in a healthy person , the barrier is complete and irritants can ' t get into the skin . but partial disruption of the barrier facilitates passage of allergens and other irritants ," he says . according to the world health organization ( who ), asthma affected 300 million people worldwide in 2005 , killing 255 , 000 of them . the death figure is expected to increase by 20 % in 10 years ' time if urgent action if not taken , the who says . not other further most that before yours how theirs you against him further between down with do did me for will those than each all such why am yours we about was because own this has the or once were further was its doing for those he when it when the than so as was if again off him were further but ours it after most but ourselves not because until then no ourselves all his been once of above just here just these there will we t some been in her to him such doing on itself myself does has such whom too more any both than don when ourselves did not can has t who how there all nor now before yourselves against am this ours out don once for is the they a some how her that between while my it the my before both ours few when i who some about between here is is as off with themselves once too your out each there than our a who yourselves and being he above are because don up between theirs to some myself them should until out same yourself what very at so were doing but