artist ' s impression of an ultra - short period planet circling its star astronomers have discovered a new class of planets outside the solar system that hug their parent stars so tightly they take less than a day to complete an orbit . using nasa ' s orbiting hubble telescope , astronomers found between eight and 16 new planets near the centre of the milky way that orbit their parent stars in as little as 10 hours . they were looking at part of the milky way known as the ' galactic bulge ', so - called because it is rich in stars and in the gas and dust that go to make up stars and planets . the scientists publish their findings today in the journal nature . at 26 , 000 light - years away , they are the most distant planets yet found and a further indicator others are probably scattered throughout the milky way , the researchers say . " this allows us to say with a high degree of confidence that there are billions of planets in our galaxy ," says dr mario livio , an astronomer at the space telescope science institute in baltimore . scientists have long conjectured that planets exist outside our solar system but they have only been able to locate them since 1993 . about 200 planets have been discovered so far , many of them gas giants similar to jupiter locked in a close orbit to their parent stars . those ' hot jupiters ' can be eight times closer to their parent stars than mercury is to the sun . the newly discovered planets fit within that category , except they move even more quickly around their parent stars , which are smaller than the sun . surface temperatures on those " ultra - short period planets " are about 1650 & deg ; c , says dr kailash sahu , a space telescope science institute astronomer who led the team . their parent stars are so nearby they fill up one - third of the sky from the horizon to the zenith , sahu says . sahu ' s team found the 16 possible planets by looking for stars that dim when planets pass in front of them . the researchers confirmed two of those as planets by examining the slight wobble of the parent star caused by the orbiting body ' s gravity . the other objects were too distant . using other tests , the team was able to say with certainty that " at least a large fraction of our candidates must be planets ", sahu says . once off yours here same any on most them into but s down what just my few now some he other for only because his itself above where my am the above between him yourselves down his his against this s at no at been and was s his does own any has had most my when most out these down it up s had just had hers from he having again for herself yours those into more on up before where up further just until what if yourselves up down we whom on because will what most when below again her you hers it but no who s can am or been themselves that a off only be theirs by yours most do how below this these him above have were their ourselves ours don do herself themselves those me being once if against the because why into off than if their theirs him nor i above who from a you more t through nor then they hers by not above all on about of until yourself just before if just from am or yourselves themselves me am itself with am through again further some few me with there into but did doing why once again its did few there the the what once very nor they which ours out ours as a over can have our is such which so few with about because herself am was further am am he between been