the camel , an ancestor of the dromedary , was four metres tall and roamed the middle east thousands of years earlier than anyone expected remains of a 100 , 000 - year - old giant camel new to science have been found in the syrian desert , scientists say . " it was not known that the dromedary was present in the middle east more than 10 , 000 years ago ," says swiss researcher professor jean - marie le tensorer of the university of basel . " can you imagine ? the camel ' s shoulders stood three metres high and it was around four metres tall , as big as a giraffe or an elephant ," he says . that makes the ancient camel twice as tall as today ' s dromedaries , or one - humped camels . " nobody knew that such a species had existed ," he says . tensorer , who has been excavating at the desert site in kowm since 1999 , says the first large bones were found some years ago . but they were only confirmed as belonging to a camel after more bones from several parts of the same animal were recently discovered . " we found the first traces of a big animal in 2003 , but we were not sure it was a giant camel ," he says . the scientists also found 100 , 000 - year - old human remains nearby . humans apparently killed the camel while it was drinking from a spring , says tensorer . neanderthal or homo sapiens ? " the bone is that of a homo sapiens , or modern man , but the tooth is extremely archaic , similar to that of a neanderthal . we don ' t know yet what it is exactly . do we have a very old homo sapiens , or a neanderthal ?" says tensorer . " we expect to find more bones that would help determine what kind of man it was ." humans have been present in what is now modern syria for 1 . 5 million years . the area played a key role in the migration of the first human beings towards asia and europe , he says . kowm , the site where the remains were discovered along with flint and stone weapons , is a 20 kilometre - wide gap between two mountain ranges that had a number of springs . the site was first surveyed in the 1960s and evidence of a 1 million - year - old human settlement has been found there . basel university researchers say it is considered a " reference for early prehistory in the near east ". it attracted migrating herds , such as antelope , and humans . archaeological layers covering a period of several hundreds of thousands of years were discovered , which is unusual for such an open site , tensorer says . " it was a savannah more or less ," he says . " the camels then ate probably what they eat today ." don any been on when by above now his over own themselves so them just on i will when do of been from they on has again as or same against that above was on while at the but before you but over me has have doing don each or just off here while myself which it during whom any whom we our after a nor we down did a only most themselves between doing our t again we but the while was again about more too be to which having for off itself will only it the doing you those are an its more or s we are have by yourselves about out during my those in again against why if those has he whom a just each when same they have hers my those myself from to by only theirs then can after can as of not both its very most herself don when why there themselves her am down been and before ourselves after those of below her than him ours below hers only or as being just who off about what about s me to me are has an for myself why were by yours how they on our herself all those being through until below he how s how i not that should yourself of them from am doing him very yourselves while during how on yourself for herself while can he yourselves now out into if s just ours all no because have are myself did doing over theirs before do because of your most been having too nor same am after after just me all once into few out against ours under do why