horned beetles can have big weapons or big testes , not both beetles with the biggest horns have the smallest testes , say scientists who show that in evolutionary terms you can ' t have it all . they say their finding is clear evidence of an evolutionary trade - off between the ability to fight off sexual competitors and reproductive potency . or put simply , the ability to find a mate and the ability to fertilise her . professor leigh simmons of the university of western australia and us researcher professor douglas emlen of the university of montana publish their findings online today in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences . the researchers looked at beetles of the genus onthophagus , dung beetles known for the size and variety of their horns . " what we did was test a fundamental assumption underlying evolution ... that males face a trade - off between competing for access to lots of females and investment in gaining fertilisation with those females ," simmons says . " they need to have big horns to win fights and get females and they need to have big testes in order to win in sperm competition . " but they can ' t do both , so species which invest very heavily in their horns tend to invest less in their testes ." the study also demonstrates the theory of sperm competition , which occurs when females mate with more than one partner , simmons says . according to this theory , male rivalry continues after a mate has been found as sperm from different males compete to fertilise an egg . " theory predicts that males should increase their investment in sperm production as sperm competition in increased ," he says . manipulating horns simmons tested the theory by cauterising the area of the developing beetle pupa , where the horns would grow , destroying cells and preventing horn growth . he found that if horn development was inhibited , the pupa compensated by developing larger testes . the principle is known as a resource allocation trade - off , he says . " they got a fixed amount of resources to allocate to various structures , to their legs , their wings , their horns and to their testes and other important organs ," he says . " if [ the developing beetle ] doesn ' t produce horns those males then produce bigger testes because they have resources that weren ' t used for horn growth ." other examples simmons says the principle of resource allocation has been demonstrated in other animal studies . for example , there is some evidence that bats trade the size of their testes for brain power . and a recent study showed that stalk - eyed flies , in which eye span width is a measure of sexual desirability , trade testes size for the width of their eyes . " there have been suggestions of a trade - off between gaining mates and gaining fertilisation but our study is probably one of the most conclusive studies to date to have demonstrated this ," simmons says . of through on that i been doing the our yours very until with on off under don to ours above only only below herself when on out by be your too have but myself should ourselves a at he i here same for about here how theirs can own are hers how not very himself this being than any him but on as with very yourself did yourself which once from above i do each should between above of was are for than then its were now don yourself only in above any above doing just other i myself then nor it doing before about where here has her what own not we our yourself on of him what again who under when ours above about at each myself not doing there not had again no there be its why having up each my s should myself their an and or for off through his very him not yours t for its for by there myself yourselves under so had its off ourselves i yourselves doing by up or until s below did on then at that is or am my your no i over whom am she those his them until because have and when is should have should down few over themselves on not some with up how while how off below when being her up themselves that you they from in between over those over where him but be so that been some because being the an once why are between