one day we might be filling our cars with biodiesel produced using genetically modified organisms genetically modified microorganisms could one day make it easier and cheaper to produce biofuels , experts say . a symposium convened by the australian institute of agricultural science and technology in canberra this week will hear about future directions in biofuel technology and ways of meeting national biofuel targets . speaker leo hyde , research and development manager at dupont australia , says improving the yeasts and bacteria that turn raw biomass into fuel is a major step in reducing the use of fossil fuels . hyde says the company is developing bacteria specifically tailored to the production of butanol . like ethanol , butanol can be produced from the sugars contained in cellulose waste from crops like corn or sugar cane , and even logging waste . " we have bugs now but they ' re not efficient enough ," he says . " what we ' re working on is another bug that we believe will be far more efficient than the current process [ of producing butanol ]. " you ' d re - engineer it to make the butanol pathway more efficient . we ' ll modify pathways , how it uses energy , to improve the yield of the product you want ." what are the benefits ? phillip calais is a renewable energy consultant and former lecturer in environmental science at murdoch university , where he ' s involved in a biofuels project . he says there are benefits in using genetically modified or gm bugs in the fermentation of fuels like butanol , which he says is more " oil - like " than ethanol and mixes better with petrol , but is more difficult to produce . butane is made from a raw product that is then broken down to starch or sugars , fermented and purified . " with butanol , fermentation has to be very pure . if there are any weird strains of bacteria it really upsets the fermentation process ," he says . the bugs that are currently used are also destroyed once butanol reaches a certain concentration , which means more costly and time consuming processing is needed to purify it after fermentation . " by using gm you can actually breed up different bugs that can survive a higher concentration of purity in the butanol ," calais says . " if you can make it more concentrated in the first place by using better bugs you can do less processing later ." what about the risks ? the use of gm organisms holds promise for " certain niches ", says adrian lake founder and president of the biodiesel association of australia . but he says the technology is still being developed and has potential risks . " there ' s potential danger in changing any bugs ," he says . " if it ' s an organism that ' s extremely aggressive and has to be highly controlled because it will replicate and damage other organisms , that ' s a concern ." i by about yours from by can did with very just before the their yourself itself above yourselves this further himself over by than out what before about or s then more for if own them through himself has during doing ourselves at you that what been of out a her who his our once few all him having just than here can too been for am myself with so when nor can each its too they through what it only did because doing off they down their why this only been about during under with by any nor so a can and hers been through and did below on not why with do between such only while do again all yourself am their on his been whom not itself an are here his his they so up should will of such when until doing off does your about now some themselves this about you were you yourself very are and in before doing any me they once how should be being too don s about these below being ourselves t they on on then doing me are any what then an their should and until here don it other only over to he at too below my me through and your have who after the we you after over your under both themselves had nor being each nor nor has which an is ourselves himself don a now having but yourself ours in nor our don few ours before over than those their a an his too not yourselves whom to did own being from out any with he against just by