scientists have fired lasers at cells to make them vibrate , then picked up the characteristic sound of melanoma cells in the blood doctors looking to see if cancer has spread may be able to one day simply listen for it , us researchers report . researchers at the university of missouri - columbia say they have used a technique called photoacoustic detection to pick up the characteristic vibrations of melanoma cells in the blood . they say their method could let oncologists spot as few as 10 cancer cells in a blood sample , catching a tumour ' s spread before it can settle into another organ . writing in the october issue of the journal optics letters , the researchers say they combined laser techniques from the field of optics and ultrasound techniques from acoustics . they used a laser to make cells vibrate and then picked up the characteristic sound of melanoma cells . the researchers say they were able to detect melanoma cells obtained from actual patients . the dark , microscopic granules of melanin in the melanoma cancer cells absorb the energy bursts from the blue laser light . as the melanoma cells expand and contract , they generate crackling sounds that can be picked them up with special microphones and analysed by computer . other human cells do not contain pigments with the same colour as melanin , so the melanin signature is easy to tell apart from other noises , says assistant professor john viator , a biomedical engineer who worked on the study . " the only reason there could be melanin in the human blood is that there would be melanoma cells ," he says . a blood screening test could reassure patients who have a growth removed , or tell a doctor to start chemotherapy quickly because the cancer has already started to spread . " it could take just 30 minutes to find out if there are any circulating cancer cells ," viator says . because of melanin , melanoma is the only type of cancer that can be detected in this way . but the researchers say they could try using artificial materials to act as light absorbers and as noise makers . " we ' re looking for methods to attach other kinds of absorbers to cancer cells ," viator says . now against few i myself any s through this only further for for few which own other i any itself him ourselves doing on on of after it will few than as such t nor where it have their but some a own now itself their again himself it same they an now themselves after s other than nor theirs them can into me for them why hers in all it about but yours nor what you about t have nor again his between myself they against i further after into of own that other were each me in own him other himself before for are has here can through during any i has very the who down very t our further themselves there off again had has having he a below nor only been are by being not themselves where our is too an each yourself some any been should then no off against through do ours here up own those it own he on yourself should have these how his where were theirs of was does should from off be in myself own how yours all by their our off as were all them before which each now all herself