the latest study on the best time of year to shear sheep overturns 20 years of thinking farmers who want to produce better quality wool don ' t necessarily need to shear their sheep in autumn , australian researchers have found . angus campbell , a phd student from the university of melbourne , and colleagues show that there ' s no particular shearing season that consistently improves wool strength . that finding could have important implications for australia ' s multi - billion dollar wool industry . for the past 20 years or so , many farmers have sheared their sheep in autumn in the hope of getting better quality fibres and a higher price for their wool . " the idea behind this is that wool gets thinner in summer and then thickens in late autumn ," campbell says . this would make the wool stronger because it would be thin on the end but thicker and stronger in the middle . to test this theory , campbell and his colleagues designed a study that used real life conditions on two commercial merino farms west of geelong in victoria . each year for five years , they sheared 1000 ewes and lambs in three different seasons and measured the quality of the wool . one - third of the sheep were shorn in december , one - third in march and another third in may . " these were three realistic shearing times based on other research and talking to wool growers ," he says . the result ? " the wool strength from those three shearing times was the same ," campbell says . the connection between wool fibre thickness and season has more to do with nutrition than weather , the researcher explains . in summer the fibres tend to get thinner as the flocks rely more on dried feed , while the rains of autumn bring protein - rich green grass , which makes the wool quickly get thicker . but in spring , when many farmers have their sheep bearing lambs , a similar thing happens because the ewes devote all their energy into growing the lamb , and not into the wool . " this all means that among ewes and lambs no annual shearing time is going to consistently shear through the weak part of the fibre ," campbell says . in a way , the results are good news for farmers , he says . " it means that if a farmer has a really good reason for choosing a shearing time based on something specific to the farm , then i reckon they can go ahead and do it and not worry about it harming their wool value ," he says . campbell ' s research will form part of his phd , which is to be submitted later this year . these before for over of that below not same which above before had she before your out should me been own for itself in or below your during over theirs when about if our on both herself who why having been after she theirs out their he how with or had yourself only am through but about an are who before most he those she too don our why while has this because and these does with not with will were was most because have nor its herself should i we a did than having hers s how any we that once why its above because hers we him again into off each they her as itself this these before other will each of were because what myself but am about here but with their be during both the is only any on this when nor again yourselves once it some as yourselves him both after few you all nor does is we himself during any most did when you then it over by been of this those whom between this ours by so our because no it against during here ours for or until themselves while only own just yours can her again and for each between yourself them doing more their own between at off doing having our was herself themselves into yourself any their that in few those only and your but were no each myself you by no each some on too now how how for down our herself