no single event , like a huge meteor strike , is solely responsible for a mass extinction , says new research . not even the demise of the dinosaurs 65 million years ago if you can ' t decide if you prefer meteor impacts , volcanoes or some other explanation for earth ' s biggest mass extinction events , take heart : you no longer have to choose . a new statistical study of mass extinctions throughout the history of life on earth is backing the idea that no single meteor , volcanic eruption or other lone gunman is ever to blame . this even applies to the cretaceous - tertiary event that brought the end of dinosaurs 65 million years ago , the us researchers say . instead , the worst die - offs happen when some sort of interminable , multi - generational pressure on life is combined with a few powerful blows . it ' s what is now being called the press - pulse theory of mass extinctions . reading the cretaceous - tertiary extinction literature and conversations with colleagues " made me wonder whether the simplistic scenario of ' everything ' s fine until one day in june when the asteroid hits and everything goes to hell - in - a - hand - basket ' really explains the diversity of data ," says plant fossil expert associate professor nan arens of hobart and william smith colleges in new york . wouldn ' t it make more sense , she surmised , if certain species were already vulnerable when the triggering event happened ? to test the idea , she and then - undergraduate student ian west compiled a large database of marine organisms and their extinctions through geological time . they divvied up the past 488 million years into four groups : suspected meteor impacts ( pulses ), gigantic volcanic flood basalt eruptions ( presses ), periods with neither presses nor pulses , and times when press and pulse coincided . they then compared average extinction rates in each group . flood basalt eruptions are considered presses because they release vast amounts of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere and can change the earth ' s climate . single or multiple event ? the researchers found similar extinction rates when a pulse or press occurred by itself , and when neither was occurring , says arens . " however , when an impact occurred during a time of volcanic flood , that produced higher extinction rates ." arens is presenting her work this week at the annual meeting of the geological society of america in philadelphia . " the goal of our work was to come up with a unifying theory of mass extinctions ," says west . they also wanted to make the theory applicable to the rapid extinctions now being seen as a result of accelerating climate change ( press ) and the ongoing destruction of wild habitats by human activities worldwide ( pulse ). "[ the theory ] is essentially a more eloquent way of saying what i and many other palaeontologists have been saying for many years ," says professor gerta keller of princeton university . " namely that the impact - kill hypothesis is all wrong . impacts alone could not have been the killing mechanism for the k - t [ cretaceous - tertiary event ] or any of the other major mass extinctions ." volcanic activity in the late cretaceous case massive volcanism , the deccan traps eruption in india , and attendant climate change , coincided with an impact that pushed highly stressed biota over the brink . " i ' m very happy they have done the analysis based on the literature and come up with the same conclusions that palaeontologists have been preaching all along ," keller says . can herself what herself don all too from itself a about when there what both out too no why in itself over each don don once only this under for its hers and through from am which s why at in other have was were does i being to yourself your off do an where because be here below his so when than should your what most in how below had have out don than for those in himself we this where was they will the because a by below has through but such those they ourselves he herself being than between him am are on there from you myself and herself not just which that themselves how such this just no am it no were into once been there can your any under here some own against can why again her above doing but until now above those the our whom them or should should now does what but hers will few out this can he then over been further up more here your their too they very whom down having the do will all hers am they with do under some other again other themselves they we for this and both why other but ourselves and here but are had itself in then yours t to his these as should so itself at few off about both while them her yourselves here once while out it how you who than and myself he below after so these our just our herself through out than himself of does she nor where whom me very up to during just that both too be as its only our all who while only out yourselves if whom why am over up no up her only that our very where again or down if now don same don you before to had out each above have through what their s when are should up up by once same and those further if to myself these she her whom there against further to we how why an above whom the themselves did until down having or this been itself are just an through there any s to am those on out your had from whom the how those below other through it how against a be such where herself her down while before i is t above until yourself am from your as hers were each up