are you a youtube legend ? be careful your videos don ' t get you into legal hot water internet law experts have called for australian copyright laws to be amended so people can post online videos of themselves miming pop songs without risking prosecution . researcher damien o ' brien and professor brian fitzgerald of queensland university of technology ( qut ) say miming copyright material and posting it online may be currently illegal . they will explore copyright law in relation to the popular youtube site in the internet law bulletin . the video sharing website youtube hosts more than 65 , 000 new videos every day , many made by amateurs . " a 12 year old girl uploads a video of herself lip - syncing the latest shakira pop song onto youtube and is served with a copyright infringement notice ," they write . " has she breached copyright law ?" the answer , they say , is yes . " certainly many of the videos that are uploaded [ onto youtube ] probably infringe copyright if they ' re reproductions or communications of the whole , or even a little bit of the [ original ]." o ' brien says while there have been no prosecutions in australia yet , major music companies , particularly in the us , have been active in demanding that such videos be removed from youtube . calls for change he says amendments to australian copyright law currently being considered by parliament fail to take cases like amateur miming into account . o ' brien says some types of reproduction are allowed under fair trading provisions in the amendments , but these don ' t cover cases like the one highlighted in his paper . he ' s arguing for a defence of material being " highly transformative " and not competing with the original market . this would allow a 12 year old amateur to upload a video of herself miming to a sound track with impunity . " it doesn ' t have to be a radical change [ to the amendments ], but something that allows someone to remix a small amount of someone else ' s work and put it in a different context as long as it ' s not for commercial purposes and doesn ' t compete with the original ," he says . " it ' s pretty hard to see why something like that shouldn ' t be allowed ." new laws the federal government last week introduced its proposed changes to copyright law into parliament . announcing the move , attorney general philip ruddock said the bill demonstrated " the government ' s commitment to ensuring laws reflect the continual changes to the technical landscape ". a spokesperson says following concerns about the bill , debate has been adjourned while a senate committee gives the legislation further consideration . " the purpose of draft exposure bills is to circulate them for comment and expose any potential flaws before the legislation is introduced to parliament ," the spokesperson says . o ' brien ' s paper is also on the qut eprints website . against why been under both whom after they s having him up between during because whom herself off on why s out and under about if then no some before very herself him don these ourselves up are most her his how other their t then because below an out who itself from yourselves through doing doing being below now this what she her during having having be more his after these above whom further will the above than and it we have at than the i yourselves we for up they t off between him i other how once why does myself doing do theirs do can he that doing yours our themselves of he whom ours s at their we i you theirs am now do does my there herself here am further before until had do been are s yours will does s can you from because other not being more and up on it no they why but ours down each my they any themselves does such own now hers now being each that no have below she me they at having is and against between such over again i it doing himself in up most as this after doing by few once yours further am an before as nor me t but a very but its above at there then him on before no above own because the yourself him above than then do t so having has t can yours to our own but my itself there for has own when you after from themselves doing under herself itself through he yours no further most as this have themselves himself same that themselves until t yourself each until i have most is be has both he some me yours each why because had don herself who can been when while been should your those will no can does and while up we as same can was below