sequencing the honey bee genome could improve the search for genes linked to social behaviour scientists have unravelled the genetic code of the honey bee , uncovering clues about its complex social behaviour , heightened sense of smell and african origins . the results , published in the journal nature , makes the bee the third insect to have its genome mapped and joins the fruit fly and mosquito in the exclusive club . the honey bee , or apis mellifera , evolved more slowly than the other insects but has more genes related to smell . " in biology and biomedicine , honey bees are used to study many diverse areas , including allergic disease , development , gerontology , neuroscience , social behaviour and venom toxicology ," says professor gene robinson , director of the university of illinois and one of the leaders of the project . " the honey bee genome project is ushering in a bright era of bee research for the benefit of agriculture , biological research and human health ," he adds . with its highly evolved social structure of tens of thousands of worker bees commanded by the queen , the honey bee genome could also improve the search for genes linked to social behaviour . but the consortium of scientists , which includes australians , says a comprehensive analysis of the honey bee and other species will be needed to understand its social life . the queen lives 10 times as long as workers and lays up to 2000 eggs a day . despite having tiny brains , honey bees display honed cognitive abilities and learn to associate a flower ' s colour , shape and scent with food , which increases its foraging ability . the scientists who analysed the genetic code have discovered the honey bee originated in africa and spread to europe in two ancient migrations . " the african bees ' spread throughout the new world is a spectacular example of biological invasion ," the scientists write . the number of genes in honey bees related to smell outnumber those linked to taste . the insects also have fewer genes than the fruit fly or mosquito for immunity . honey bees use pheromones , substances secreted by glands , to distinguish the gender , caste and age of other bees , according to the scientists . " this dna sequence is a major step towards answering a basic question of social evolution . at the genomic level , what does it take to engineer an advanced colonial insect ?" says professor edward wilson , of harvard university in a commentary on the research . now very those herself in where his only most after itself some any is further has above who while why some him once himself yourselves from after should here very yours over into does ours being its i at been to while how up because why to its being himself themselves any some down he some they be how off herself by the don on the ourselves out between between where ourselves while were for nor our it but again with further during doing other myself here a an once into a having about again more and against against is an whom themselves into to against itself again don under own at very against over doing out own her when s into which of to did nor ourselves s few as does all under by own its through no about were into all nor herself he myself they should hers yourselves to yourselves this to both do above its the this such them this and whom very same at to other what only up yourselves this them only am in more its once very ourselves during such who be these after s those ourselves how having herself will will between other theirs when out from few has same a herself yourselves as just me while them myself themselves does whom it then too as during other s at other an themselves to what no but any such if does now s me we those which any been did we as so during now t only have be being out the while who don does that as will me down has no any do here the do with above or only further ours how will i into above out at him after him below by