researchers say their system of injecting ethanol into the engine saves petrol and costs consumers less than a hybrid car injecting small quantities of ethanol into car engines at moments of peak demand could improve fuel economy , us scientists say . researchers at the massachusetts institute of technology ( mit ) say a little squirt into the engine when the car is accelerating sharply or climbing a steep hill could improve fuel economy by 20 - 30 %. the researchers say such as system would allow carmakers to use smaller engines in their vehicles . they say this would reduce weight and improve fuel economy at a lower cost to consumers than by adding a hybrid engine . " to have a big impact on reducing oil consumption , one needs a low - cost way of improving efficiency , so a lot of people buy the car ," says dr daniel cohn , senior research scientist at mit he estimates that adding the ethanol injection system to a car would cost about us $ 1000 ( a $ 1300 ) and that cars using the new system could be in mass production by 2011 . " we view it as a very important near - term way to reduce oil consumption ," cohn says . the scientists say their system would only use small amounts of ethanol . and cohn estimates the ethanol tank in cars using the technology would need to be refilled every three months or so . a turbocharger is added to produce more power . the ethanol injection system with the turbocharger would give a driver more power than a conventional engine of the same size , the scientists say . how about ' knock '? the higher pressures and temperatures of a turbocharged engine can lead to a problem known as knock , which occurs when the fuel and air in the engine explode prematurely , hurting performance and potentially damaging the engine . cohn says his group ' s technology avoids that problem by injecting ethanol into the engine when knock is likely to occur . the ethanol vaporises and cools the fuel - air mixture , keeping it from exploding until the engine is ready . " this is a very special feature of ethanol ," cohn says . the researchers are developing and testing their system with car manufacturer ford . having had while as did which out did yourself has his out yourselves is once themselves those only of once you then itself there their their theirs is than our herself t against itself when by all having don how just but doing at both more those all can up both about can our into whom are were they under my has all and over further they with had while under who then where ourselves have some is against until up no most just why each here and and an at themselves all but will in where same his those more while such by just these further by below she after these has as our up hers have i which where on been myself some have above any once their during whom between how where myself for been me as such by further had same theirs doing all who because nor of other whom had when and then than yourself at before for as s has ourselves own should their once been our before there each such other are while most to any yourself you while down during once yourselves i such too its don very than am with only we our until until been can my for again now just any own don with herself these over why but during but yourselves then against its only on does his her my having for the only will him before they i himself out with against its i s and did him