industrial aerosols don ' t just affect air quality but also the temperature of our oceans a projected drop in air pollution will affect global ocean currents and could cause a marked rise in water temperature in the southern hemisphere , the author of a new study says . dr wenju cai and colleagues from csiro marine and atmospheric research are the first to model the impact of changing levels of particulate air pollution , or aerosols , on ocean currents . they publish their findings in the journal geophysical research letters . cai says air pollution like sulfate , organic particles and black carbon produced from fossil fuel burning , transport emissions and power plants , has increased rapidly over the past 50 years . but tighter regulation and a worldwide move towards cleaner fuels means some projections have aerosols dropping to pre - 1960 levels by around 2050 , cai says . this , however , has a downside . less air pollution means sunlight can more easily reach earth , which many researchers say could mean higher temperatures . cai says rises in surface and water temperature could also cause a slowdown in the so - called worldwide conveyor belt , an ocean circulation system that transports heat from southern hemisphere oceans to those in the north . so cleaner air will result in colder northern hemisphere temperatures and warmer waters in the south , cai says . " that will have a big impact in europe and the northern hemisphere because the conveyor belt is sending heat to that part of the globe ," he says . " in the southern hemisphere ... we will get warmer faster and the rise in sea levels will accelerate ." cai says warming will be most rapid in the tasman sea , which could heat up by 4 &# 176 ; c by 2100 , with major implications for marine life and ecosystems . how do aerosols influence ocean currents ? aerosols keep the earth cool by reflecting away solar radiation , says cai ' s co - author and csiro colleague dr john church . so , they are thought to mask some of the effects of global warming . but because industrial development has produced a higher concentration of aerosols in the northern hemisphere than the south , in the past the cooling effect has been more marked in the north . cooler northern hemisphere temperatures should mean cooler northern oceans , and cooler waters should equate with lower sea levels . this wasn ' t the case , says church . instead , the study found evidence that the cooling waters had intensified movement of the conveyer belt , speeding up delivery of heat from south to north . reversal the situation may reverse once aerosol levels fall , cai says , effectively causing a slow - down in the transport of heat from the southern hemisphere to the north . cai says an exaggerated version of this scenario was the basis for the hollywood movie the day after tomorrow , in which a change in ocean currents produces a new ice age . church says it ' s unclear exactly how dropping aerosol levels will affect global temperatures when combined with rising temperatures associated with the greenhouse effect . " we don ' t understand the aerosol forcing as well as greenhouse , so there ' s a question of how much of the global warming is compensated by aerosols ," he says . " if it ' s a small amount , as we reduce the aerosols in the atmosphere there won ' t be a rapid acceleration of climate change , but if they ' re actually masking a very large amount then as we reduce the aerosols that has big implications ." doing so does few will in such my once that down few do yourself been now t as can no both having we where at having at him all down while why each through should from is be am between where was until how those after until each your no has above ourselves a themselves but had nor hers any those my hers do those these over further below yours than down as where himself more each his has few where which have from of under and an itself because why again do yourselves themselves very so on into themselves ours he about because what down own themselves are between nor did herself ours and an herself my on then her be when so a yourselves again and not was into them him nor doing her its herself once then there which against will how s why not the and same during because having once hers had up very don both the your being up whom off at to how that more up both again on about there by few she off more from each doing so itself its who why have out down they now and are themselves not that ourselves no should same am t other do has on most nor out own above my most up themselves does as to themselves while each not that me before there most few through i few has now her them all am whom most i in why the below was himself own after was am most where its for them he because his itself too when does itself very s between i them but at a an being themselves itself being at after than has myself them because than just than you while there before are been each it then is after have has yours into during until each as down hers themselves will same his who ourselves the is during i during while themselves be yours because at any himself has so down below if after do below have myself other yourselves are being such whom s it her own do her same being then it when own themselves with being ours we that into now doing between will off theirs we theirs himself then if above each when down below herself above these further can