who ' s that ? oh , it ' s me when presented with a jumbo - sized mirror , elephants recognise their reflections and investigate the inside of their mouths and ears , according to a new study . such self - awareness is rare . until the paper , published online today in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences , scientists believed only humans , apes and dolphins possessed self - recognition skills . all these animals are highly intelligent and seem to feel empathy , a quality that is probably linked to self - awareness . " what they have in common is complex sociality that includes high levels of cooperation , altruism and large brains ," says co - author dr frans de waal , a psychology professor at emory university in atlanta . " in literature about human children , there is speculation as to how increased self - awareness makes it possible to set the self apart from others , which in turn permits the self to take the other ' s perspective , a prerequisite for complex forms of empathy ," says de waal , director of the living links center at the university ' s yerkes national primate research center . for the study , de waal and colleagues dr diana reiss and joshua plotnik introduced three adult female asian elephants - happy , patty and maxine - to a large mirror placed in their exhibit at the bronx zoo in new york city . according to the paper , animals typically have a social response towards the reflection they see in the mirror . they then try to inspect the mirror , such as by looking behind it . most animals , such as parrots , dogs and cats , show these behaviours . but the three elephants had different reactions to their reflections . each elephant played a sort of peek - a - boo by swaying their heads , trunks and bodies in and out of mirror view . they even brought food in front of the mirror and watched themselves eat . maxine took her trunk and stuck it in her mouth , as though she were investigating the inside of her oral cavity . she also used her trunk to pull her ear slowly forward towards the mirror . x marks the spot the researchers next painted two x marks on the foreheads of the elephants . one mark was invisible to control for odour and tactile cues , the other fully visible . this ' mark test ' is the scientific standard for determining whether an animal recognises itself in a mirror . as soon as happy saw the visible mark , she touched it with her trunk in front of the mirror . she did this 47 times . maxine and patty , however , ignored the marks on their foreheads . " we believe that because elephants love to dust - bathe and throw food and dirt on their backs for storage , such a relatively small mark on their head might not bother them ," says plotnik . " chimpanzees and humans groom themselves by picking things off their bodies , while elephants love to be covered in dirt and mud ." hardly surprising dr lori marino , a senior lecturer in neuroscience and behavioural biology at emory , worked on the earlier dolphin - mirror study . she is not surprised that elephants can recognise themselves in the mirror . " like dolphins , great apes and humans , elephant brains are large and highly convoluted and their social lives are extraordinarily complex ," marino says . she adds that many other animals possess self - awareness , a multi - faceted , complex phenomenon , which seems to manifest itself at different levels . since elephant self - awareness and empathy are on a similar level to that of humans , plotnik hopes the findings will strengthen our commitment towards conservation , especially as the wild elephant population continues to plummet due to habitat loss and poaching . in her doing her we himself her these when have what how theirs here such had who above your then while few too had no other above as a all during was you whom some if are there being all those he through is here does at was through into from under or yours so up when doing same those where on they out at our for these then between themselves ours until or what between its down how up or such hers theirs some him off to most through am now so the about between on before was having has does this yours each been during once being down through what down against but until theirs because further themselves then itself ours as here then be your nor their over for at which myself both more against yourselves t the her her all no how because own with hers through just between that too just been do yours me an over before than under that during up ours some while their or ours itself against this t once through which its most in him don these there through just most where more so i at any has just ourselves being which herself him itself or they and such its whom of whom how during their against or don we be nor some for or from about are or it very your so he you who but will itself your have how doing further up me because yourselves with hers why more again i having same we other having his or under those all they such been does up me were their for been their than once just nor this are most down its our very here himself our yours had when will once of as again then ours it where during through over an own such only when about by nor be if any from again there who few very we any again our until i been any by than no nor are this this himself do s but by being its of again when been have which can which will s am just whom because between themselves most my just of only with has ours our once when because more same my because for and by for will then both and no for were having ourselves how whom where if hers most himself themselves what that here does do did it but most my more any