mercury will cross the face of the sun early thursday morning australian time , just like it did when this image was taken in 2003 australians are in a prime position to see mercury moving across the sun this week , an event they won ' t be able to see again for another 26 years . the transit , which can be seen using amateur telescopes on thursday morning australian time , is of particular interest to historians . astronomer dr nick lomb of sydney observatory says the transit of mercury in 1677 was the original astronomical event that triggered european colonisation of australia , and not the transit of venus , as commonly thought . " there is a very direct link between the transit of mercury and the fact that we are here and speak english in australia ," says lomb . on 7 november 1677 edmond halley witnessed a transit of mercury from the south atlantic island of st helena . lomb says this led him to suggest the idea that planetary transits could be used to work out the scale of the solar system , in particular how far the earth was from the sun . and this eventually led to james cook ' s voyage to tahiti to observe the transit of venus in 1769 , which in turn resulted in the british colonisation of australia . today , scientists use the transit of mercury and venus to study the chemical composition of the planets ' atmospheres . as a planet passes in front of the sun , scientists can use spectroscopy to deduce information about its atmosphere by comparing the difference in the electromagnetic spectrum given off by the sun and the planet . transits can also be used the study the momentary dimming of stars as a planet passes in front of it , a phenomenon used to detect planets circulating stars other than the sun . mercury transits the sun on average 13 times a century , says lomb , more frequently than venus , which only transits twice a century . transits of mercury occur in either may or november ( when mercury is closer to the sun ) and the next one will not occur until 2016 . the next transit visible from australia will not be until 2032 . was only its will at after and during by not who his does herself our our my were ourselves most how t did own after for more itself other once me was same while off had doing yourself so how over they have t can further by who no more if hers whom down should from only by under have above this why your hers further you from nor now her which during on all if himself theirs him after a that other are above you had too do its me them having was while out had its into that him under other at few nor does that very below at should there just were against theirs when too through into do below there these while can itself being above have them so all was after i into at before whom of i nor myself if doing can your them what above after both out those until above he s what but theirs me to hers all so can our under don this we were have all these it