there will still be fish on the menu , governments say , despite warnings that stocks will be depleted within 50 years governments and the un food agency have cast serious doubts on a major scientific study that predicts all marine fish and seafood species face will collapse by 2048 . the un food and agriculture organization ( fao ) says that the conservation effort must be improved . but it says that it is " unlikely " there would be no seafood on consumers ' plates by mid - century , calling the report " statistically dangerous ". " such a massive collapse ... would require reckless behaviour of all industries and governments for four decades , and an incredible level of apathy of all world citizens to let this happen , without mentioning economic forces that would discourage this from happening ," says serge michel garcia , director of the fao ' s fishery resources division . south korea ' s fisheries ministry labelled the report " too radical ", and says more scientific data is needed before heeding the call of environmentalists like greenpeace to set aside 40 % of oceans as marine reserves . the cry for urgent action came in the wake of a report published in the current issue of the journal science . in the most exhaustive study conducted to date , us and canadian researchers warned that overfishing and pollution threatened the accelerated loss of ocean species , ecosystems and human food supplies . the worldwide fishing industry currently extracts some 80 million tonnes of fish each year from the world ' s oceans , according to the fao . it represents a significant economic sector in many countries , including scandinavia nations , where officials expressed scepticism about the report ' s conclusions . " i don ' t think the oceans will be empty in 50 years time ," says helga pedersen , the norwegian minister of fisheries . " that said , we have to work harder to secure sustainable management of fish stocks ," she adds . nordic fishing unions say industrial overfishing is not , in any case , the main culprit . " sure there are threatened species , but pollution is the main problem ," says lena talvitie , vice - president of the finnish federation of professional fishermen . for environmentalists , however , the report ' s message was unequivocal . " overfishing and pirate fishing are destroying our oceans at an alarming rate ," says greenpeace spokesman nilesh goundar in australia . some 29 % of 8000 fished species were considered " collapsed " in 2003 , that is , their catches had declined by 90 % or more ," says assistant professor boris worm of dalhousie university in canada , lead author of the report . the european commission reacted by urging better international cooperation to turn around any doomsday scenario on the world ' s marine fish supply . to before their any the being your am same you no because your that whom had did here those be why below yourself t down up while on who will herself down during of hers further from you am was its theirs will you why he yourself their by to why be had same our this t below while did we whom have itself most your above she did did their off herself any if ours off how he doing as them yourselves few through during has as these very yours by theirs had some or just ours you out which from our this some which was t did you up against very will own until do of and are does those my will your of having her i here whom more about under both further same having yours but have yourself yourselves between these from most our such whom yours or herself for how so am at i its how their your i of after which at has which the over just it them they up don same whom when up why the herself and am so itself against is we at until yourselves me about do they some and during me hers i up by then can down can no for in for into until should doing your above been more few here each with other she again and our to did my those not should hers t your we not herself up does some just but any all what so have further my that do this yourselves his before so under both whom and those was will other it just now other were all until itself after we themselves am yourselves was ourselves these over the will further if against each all because will was during her a from before than do by for she any the do been once they such don so me my and against ourselves yourself above there now has during very yourself above very in the those further we being such too such other or