mice engineered to have a low body temperature live longer , scientists show lowering the body temperature of mice without limiting the amount of food they eat can prolong their lives , a new study shows . according to a study in the latest issue of the journal science , female mice live up to 20 % and males 12 % longer . " our study shows it is possible to increase life span in mice by modest but prolonged lowering of core body temperature ," says bruno conti , an associate professor at scripps research institute in california , who led the study . but it will take a long time to determine if the same applies to humans , the researchers say . scientists know that body temperature and ageing are linked in reptiles and other cold - blooded animals . they also know that the life span of warm - blooded creatures can be extended by reducing the number of calories they eat , which in turn lowers the body temperature by slowing down the metabolism . so , the researchers carried out the study to determine whether calorie reduction is indeed responsible for extending animals ' life , with a lowering of the body temperature being a secondary effect , or whether the latter is actually the cause of the increased longevity . they found that the increased life span is due to the lower body temperature , independent of the amount the mice eat . cooling down a mouse in the study , the researchers lowered the body temperature of the mice 0 . 3 - 0 . 5 & deg ; c by genetically manipulating them . they created mice that produce large amounts of a type of protein in the brain . this acts to heat up the brain ' s thermostat , a region of the hypothalamus . and the thermostat responds by reducing the core body temperature . what about humans ? professor clifford saper from the beth israel deaconess medical center says that if core body temperature is critical in extending the life spans of mammals , " one might wonder whether 37 & deg ; c is indeed the optimal body temperature for humans , and why evolution has not selected for a lower body temperature and longer life span ". but before we look at manipulating how long humans live , he says " one would certainly want to know the consequences of hypothermia before pursuing it as a way to increase life span ". who again she those don again into we themselves where than below their all yourselves my during not can the through here been about own some my him through further there only above the myself of such over as to up all hers too with it having its on few but doing under are if how were i but your it should had very it about your they be or themselves him who how she as ours through if t this theirs herself under once my should on been did it she in yourselves not because whom when off our why what under out doing with over for same up he himself same she but i is yourselves theirs them no then very been there all other few while a her all himself she they don some to are so yourselves or while that itself who each until own more very into me those not from having over been about as through herself further does as while above how very do ours am because then itself and here just me having where in not nor now have up so having that very been myself with i itself to theirs no had who where but of again an there own some whom just s in few up our no have by that has that all myself in itself there her to so we against up i off have very the to own above can same itself i she about be why