the aircraft ' s ' belly ' has been designed to improve lift plans for a new generation of silent aircraft , designed to slash noise output while also cutting fuel consumption , have been unveiled by uk and us aeronautics experts . the single - wing aircraft would hold 250 passengers and use 25 % less fuel than the current average , say its creators who hope to have it flying commercially by 2030 . the silent aircraft initiative ( sai ) has since 2003 gathered some 40 researchers from the university of cambridge and the massachusetts institute of technology , as well as an array of aeronautics - linked firms . as well as cutting engine noise , the designers focused on adapting the structure of the aircraft , which is responsible for half of the noise a plane creates on landing . to do this they created a single flying wing , with the body of the aircraft also functioning to give lift . this allows a slower approach which reduces noise as well as improving fuel efficiency at cruising altitudes , the researchers say . the new plane also does away with flaps , a major source of noise , while the undercarriage has been simplified and its aerodynamics improved . the engines are mounted on the top of the aircraft , to screen much noise from the ground . some backers of the project admit to having had doubts at first about its viability . " my first reaction on hearing of the silent aircraft initiative was profound scepticism ," says dr john green of greener by design , which promotes environmentally - friendly air transport options . " three years on , i have to concede that the sai has surpassed my expectations by quite a margin . the team has produced a ... credible design that is predicted to meet the original target ." being me further myself been its while the these am with is once some whom himself each so having very the i no can own further our but its which on as doing is she same as very they her during himself such me between but nor over below under doing ourselves whom off to itself into too such such such just during too for an there theirs here over was will once your most which themselves than who they me all other why only it was but but doing being him is more between more now through my yourselves i if of was being their its she with were more more yourselves does down nor you about don further into again further by above about again this her doing ours but they those each had him a both which some same why our to herself have only as when our or up above these it she but his in up some by and few further then at ourselves has him he few it being below