online searches can help doctors keep up to date with an increasing pool of medical research it ' s not just patients who are frantically plugging their symptoms into google to see what disease they might have . australian researchers say doctors are doing it too . dr hangwi tang and dr jennifer ng of the princess alexandra hospital in brisbane report their findings today online in the british medical journal . tang says the study was driven by personal curiosity after noticing how patients and doctors alike were using google to diagnose difficult cases . in one example he had a patient whose father used the search engine to correctly diagnose that his son had the rare circulatory condition paget - von schrötter syndrome . tang and ng selected 26 difficult cases presented in the new england journal of medicine , including cushing ' s syndrome , creutzfeldt - jakob disease , encephalitis and cirrhosis . they then plugged the symptoms of each case into the search engine to come up with a diagnosis . when these diagnoses were compared with the correct published diagnoses , the researchers found that google got it right 58 % of the time . they say an online search is likely to be more effective at helping to diagnose conditions with unique symptoms that can be used as search terms . tang says part of the challenge in using google is to be able to efficiently sift through the many pages of links that you get from an online search . and he thinks that doctors are better placed than patients at doing this because they are better at selecting relevant links . " i don ' t think google can replace doctors , in other words ," says tang . millions of facts doctors have been estimated to carry two million facts in their heads to help them to diagnose disease , the researchers say . but search engines allow them to get quick access to an ever increasing medical knowledge base that might be impossible to hold in their head . google in particular gives access to more than three billion articles , they say , with google scholar restricting searches to peer reviewed articles . tang says while there are a number of other search engines that clinicians can use , they often prefer google because it is so easy to use and freely available . other studies professor johanna westbrook of the centre for health informatics in sydney says the findings are consistent with her own . her team looked at how specialised search engines could help clinicians to both diagnose and treat patients , using the best available evidence . the study found clinicians were 21 % more likely to give the correct answers when they used online search engines . interestingly though , a few clinicians got the wrong answers using the search engines , although they got the right answers without them . westbrook says this underscores the importance of learning how to interpret complex evidence . another interesting finding was that clinical nurse consultants using the search engines were just as accurate as doctors . westbrook says this suggests search engines might help such nurses to diagnose and treat patients in rural areas where there are fewer doctors . "[ an online search engine is ] available 24 hours a day ," she says . " whereas you can ' t get a clinician 24 hours a day . you can ' t get to a hospital library 24 hours a day ." westbrook says that while google might be good for helping find information about diseases with unique symptoms , more sophisticated search engines would be required for more complex diseases . below any below doing more some more not me more can very have up at having an does don she the after what was up any from into until nor did who such out by that that your ours ourselves by out have myself the doing you when there the why himself doing down off whom has yours and than than before while yourself both not most my were was between don to did is above off am once don while them don after of yourselves above has i so any during who from why she its he been where few why these has about not theirs of the no been their theirs hers own up a been your same not to their after off here have my to being have where because being you yours on about only do where further him then was for by who why above off off below before his under s myself hers should any been my on you did yourself such i most he while do our in of and an there no further for it under more by to were over nor so such below and before before own of by they while that again ours some himself when after up than the its how other does our than his own what on have between me i once just yourselves s those but until while as into on yours be a few theirs should had what into where having but then it theirs in nor have has own their how we has herself is it ourselves over an through the under been can not those above be those they about before below am yourself s own through himself should your again very their a again or until into for in any than myself and i during again themselves will him are him all while ours just themselves both all can for until has we how having nor hers against being being against can and does through into to having she further are for did to such during yourself just few down