each of these spawning sea urchins share more than 7000 genes with humans scientists who have sequenced the genome of the sea urchin say these brainless and limbless invertebrates are surprisingly similar to humans . they found that the california purple sea urchin ( strongylocentrotus purpuratus ) genome has 23 , 300 genes . and it shares 7077 of them with humans . the genetic ties are far closer than scientists expect and make the sea urchin a closer genetic cousin of humans than the worm or fruit fly , according to the study in today ' s issue of the journal science . " nobody would ' ve predicted that sea urchins have such a robust gene set for visual perception ," says gary wessel , a brown university biology professor and member of the sea urchin genome sequencing consortium . " i ' ve been looking at these organisms for 31 years , and now i know they were looking back at me ." among other surprises from the project were that researchers found sea urchins have the most sophisticated innate immune system of any animal studied to date . they say this may be one reason they live 100 years or more . sea urchins also carry genes associated with human diseases such as muscular dystrophy and huntington ' s . the creatures also have genes associated with taste , smell , hearing and balance , the study found . don your a should which each as below it will and your through just being as between having it no an most itself him own yourselves we any who not yours or same very during against these were not just in other ourselves we while with their no myself being is until am and do when how off and while ours that they against there our now was have we only of have between be no did hers no such because be herself out those don been own after other through these s here where don with whom were hers doing will all out her hers for itself ourselves is was those she too should for because into against doing your an other each be further or she our the itself yourselves as and and hers yourself any where its where are do theirs