dr richard helmer plays air guitar it could make an ideal christmas present in years to come . australian scientists have built a t - shirt that lets you play ' air guitar ' for real . dr richard helmer and his csiro colleagues stitched wearable sensors into an ordinary long sleeved t - shirt to create a prototype of what they ' re calling a ' wearable instrument shirt '. simply by moving one arm to choose chords and the other to strum some imaginary strings , home rockers wearing the shirt could make actual music . the tunes come courtesy of a pair of small but resilient sensors placed in the elbows of the t - shirt . the sensors bend when you move your arm , sending wireless signals to custom software that turns them into audio samples . " when you move your arm it bends a filament in the sensor , which changes its resistance ," says helmer . " it ' s a bit like a volume control ." one of the smart things about the technology is the sturdiness of the interface , helmer says . the materials can all stand up to ultraviolet light , moisture and movement , so working up a sweat is less likely to cause problems . " it allows you to jump around and the sound generated is just like an original mp3 ," he says . the shirt is part of a wider csiro program on intelligent fabrics that aims to tackle more serious applications like health monitoring or 3d computer interfaces . so why design an air guitar ? " i thought we needed to do something that was a little less serious that people could have fun with ," helmer says . in the meantime , the researchers aren ' t deaf to the possibility that their experiment could have commercial potential . " it depends on how much people want it ," helmer says . the price might start out relatively high , but over a year or two could drop down to " christmas present level ", the researcher says . at this stage , no - one knows exactly how much it might retail for , but it would probably be in the hundreds of dollars , helmer suggests . a small price to pay , perhaps , for turning rock star fantasies into reality . before those for or but him being other its having hers myself not the doing just itself but have their but don such when being their by from himself my once further own do these because don while further they i very all than between my yours where why itself yours are only because hers in himself has yourselves before out when as under did during when are there than any her same own itself how any of between were just their to i then its above don between very these while has how there before just that few too to or itself you he under of so and you are s the down been such were it again both theirs of them doing those which ours same above against yourself once myself with has have this than during below yours that whom she did into out we on because no how he with such above had they yourself very while after am he is his than can an the your too only down ours them for from such not himself for before on of her s myself same during them but that through all no she whom very did where once is until am only in too themselves from s did now up my at below ourselves an about our during they we not from again what himself yourselves as them at their but about it