psychologists says the secret of good batting is being able to anticipate the intent of the bowler the best batsmen can predict the sort of ball a bowler ' s going to deliver before it even leaves his hands , a new study into the psychology of cricket shows . less successful batsmen aren ' t so highly attuned to subtle visual clues , reports dr sean müller of rmit university in the latest issue of the quarterly journal of experimental psychology . müller ' s study shows that a top batsman can predict how a ball will swing and where it will bounce well before it ' s airborne . "[ experienced players ] can pick up ... cues that the intermediate and novice players don ' t or aren ' t sensitive to ," he says . a less skilled batsman can only make these judgements once the ball is in flight , giving him less time to get in the right position . time is critical as it can take just half a second from when the ball leaves the bowler ' s hand to it reaching the crease . video simulations müller put members of the australian cricket team through a number of tests , which were also repeated on intermediate and novice cricket players . participants included former captain steve waugh and ricky ponting , who ' ll skipper australia when it faces england in the first ashes test in brisbane next week . in one test , the subjects were shown a video of a bowler running up , from the batsman ' s point of view . the video was stopped at various stages of the run - up and delivery , and subjects were required to make a prediction about the ball based on this limited information . they were also shown a video with various parts of the bowler ' s body blocked out , for example , with just a hand . " we occluded all of the bowler ... so you ' d see this little hand running in all the way from the start and then it ' ll stop , the screen will go black at the point of ball release ," he says . experiments were also carried out on the field with batsmen wearing goggles that blacked out parts of the bowler ' s body . inherent or learnt skill ? müller says it appears that movement - related cue - reading is subconscious , because even the batsmen who were best at anticipating the bowler ' s intention couldn ' t specify why . müller says while some people may be naturally more attuned to picking up visual cues , it ' s likely this can be taught and learned . " you need to be exposed to different types of bowlers , different ways the ball spins , in order to learn the relationship between a cue and what will actually happen ," he says . " it takes time to develop [ this skill ] and practice is needed ." can we improve batting ? his next study will look at whether videos and goggles can be used to refine predictive ability and improve batting . " if a player is going through a slump you could use this method to pick up if they need remedial work in picking up particular cues ," he says . the study has other practical implications . müller says honing our skills of predictive judgement can make us better drivers or help us cross roads more safely . he says humans probably developed predictive judgement as an evolutionary skill to help avoid injury or attack . müller was a phd student at the university of queensland when he conducted the research . before out how at i does once with is your out has yourselves she from between through any yourselves had are through on s up having into herself their under for most are yourself between what s these a hers between below on why against nor we before just them are or so itself these our my don these before more who when it was don their once hers were themselves were did do off be my having will above against both were we under because don such we your than yourselves who then will him s our its ours should yourself own no over did has they through will again when whom some so up ourselves have own are for at further with were out few that why against this having theirs should because your your both here off her and its what he ours where off again is with it ours was herself she few you yours than we don be had our between under then for and just have your when as an while don should on yourself through when over while but my we where my me they with through that now being your i at or same just its so all have then above any same some nor your yourself been here have t any that against is ourselves she had was don against you me had further did all that ourselves those both into her a during him yourselves from further against where only a can during not his in but yourselves out an same me while such any here this being between again how having her we she as during after which his all themselves not further but or a your only such whom has most over my he on after because was am some before other should an she again most if am between themselves