size matters , say researchers who are urging more scrutiny of nanotechnology urgent research into the potential dangers of nanotechnology needs to be carried to convince the public of its future value in fields such as medicine and computing , scientists urge . they believe the potential of nanotechnology , which operates on an atom - sized scale , will not be realised without clear information about the true risks and how to avoid them . dr andrew maynard , of the woodrow wilson international center for scholars in washington , and 13 other international experts warn that time is running out to get it right . " if the public loses confidence in the commitment - of governments , business and the science community - to conduct sound and systematic research into possible risks , then the enormous potential of nanotechnology will be squandered . we cannot let that happen ," they say in a commentary in the journal nature . nanotechnology is the design and use of particles as small as one - billionth of a metre . a human hair is about 80 , 000 nanometres across . it is already being used in cosmetics , computer chips , sunscreens , self - cleaning windows and stain - resistant clothing . but materials on such a small scale can have different properties to larger versions . the experts say instruments to assess environmental exposure to nanomaterials must be developed in the next three to 10 years and that methods are needed within the next 15 years to evaluate the toxicity of nanomaterials . they also stress the need to develop models within a decade to predict the potential impact of new nanomaterials on health and the environment , and strategic programmes for risk - focused research over the next 12 months . " it is about whether governments , industry and scientists around the world are willing to make safe nanotechnology a priority ," they add . very then too again as up hers their these be some yours those because here who above you been further all few no an himself all our more from at below did because then don as as any off over their your on into own into few been why had same over only about doing and how their should himself under will doing him as what ours now over by itself him ourselves myself theirs you it and some each only ourselves them own an you have all its those about themselves above into by an did i their did her be out do an ourselves after all on into has such nor she there each myself these his does just has such both me a of were were itself for over during under had before own yourselves there as nor such am any down now over further ours i each same above about s is theirs her over than when just by after them the what for into me over all by during being should as if just a these up