many people have protested over the use of animals in experiments the use of lab animals to develop new medicines , cosmetics and pesticides could be eliminated by virtual experiments on computer , say european researchers . the virtual tests could be run using computer models that draw on a vast database of information about chemical compounds . and the system could also help develop new compounds in record time , the researchers say . developing new chemical compounds consists of multiple steps , from identifying an active chemical among millions of potential leads to pinpointing a target . finding an effective chemical requires a lot of mixing and matching of compounds in the lab . but access to a centralised database of chemical candidates under development , known as chemomentum , could help researchers save some lab time , and lab animals . modelling tools available in the software could be used to optimise the chemical structure of the compound and analyse whether those changes make it interact better or worse with a potential target . once the right chemical compound is pinpointed , it needs to be tested for effectiveness as well as toxicity . classic toxicity tests are done by exposing animals to increasing doses of a chemical . at a low dose no effect is seen ; at a high dose , all animals die . the right dose is somewhere in between . based on such animal tests , the lethal dose of a chemical is extrapolated to humans . according to the british union for the abolition of vivisection , 100 million animals are used in laboratories to tests range of goods , including household products , cosmetics , food additives , pharmaceuticals , and industrial and agricultural chemicals , to name a few . mathilde romberg , a research fellow at the university of ulster in the uk and one of the principal investigators on the chemomentum project , hopes the new system can reduce those numbers . romberg has partnered with experts at eight universities , institutes and companies from france , germany , italy , estonia and switzerland to compile the system . she says the user - friendly program should " help the chemical industry and european regulatory bodies evaluate the substances and assess related risks , with fewer and fewer animal tests ." in theory , experimental tests may not be necessary with chemomentum . rather , users would input information about the leads and targets they are interested in and the system would return the corresponding toxicity predictions . the software will be designed to perform calculations using standard pcs or draw upon the computing power of pc clusters - also known as grid computing - to crunch more complex data expeditiously . at the moment , the models that predict toxicity are new and people are sceptical about using them , said paolo mazzatorta , a scientist in the chemical food safety group at nestl & eacute ; research center in lausanne , switzerland . but experimental tests are expensive and that could eventually drive more interest in predictive modelling . " i think there will come a moment when this science will be more mature and it will be used ," he says . into nor here if doing what that yours having having doing off of or they few what me we where doing further some my they his was does over during very doing more who of will own out and most by by did after through when under that those hers yourself ours she am myself she did own down just during him don between just have further very does while did before where during been both too under over above and some if same again me him our s now any other do had me on him before above some no where but it between into or where such he their myself most here above out we further should why now again other your hers his at more should yourself doing your on they when from at below what when so does off in until of more s over in that been their an t have does don if her the into just an a against herself himself is myself just just which yours while this and until has into of own are had if we on as what any she will did a against was will does did nor during now its then below his above those other what most about myself t here above me herself she same down between been or is they has about this your out the from more all after any too against where so ours over does so had after its when more he too himself don very am our these each only few now be more have nor because yourselves me only to on be doing but above for other both if myself about she were only this all he those s him while their from same the had is has s you below himself doing yours under not while hers there then with with we while your be up most had it until other but about yourselves he only during up their further no up no him just is most for in into but don