firefighters face long - term health risks , new research shows firefighters appear to have higher - than - average rates of cancer , the largest study of its kind shows . the analysis , of 32 previous studies , shows that firefighters are at greater risk of prostate and testicular cancers , as well as the immune system cancers non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma and multiple myeloma . eight additional cancers show possible links to the job , according to findings published in the journal of occupational and environmental medicine . firefighters are exposed to many potentially cancer - causing chemicals released from burning materials . though they wear breathing apparatus and other protective equipment while fighting fires , researchers point out , they typically remove the gear when they ' re merely in the vicinity of the fire . at the scene of the fire , toxic substances such as benzene , lead , uranium and asbestos can be inhaled or absorbed through the skin . and at the fire station , idling trucks expose firefighters to diesel exhaust . the cancer risks seen in this latest study suggest that firefighters need better on - the - job protection , according to the study authors . " firefighters work in an inherently dangerous occupation on a daily basis ," says lead author dr grace lemasters of the university of cincinnati college of medicine . she and her colleagues based their findings on an analysis of 32 international studies that included more than 110 , 000 firefighters in all . across the studies , firefighters had double the risk of testicular cancer as men in other occupations , a 50 % higher risk of both multiple myeloma and non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma , and a 28 % higher risk of prostate cancer . these findings " raise red flags ", lemasters and her colleagues write , and point to a need for " innovative comfortable protective equipment allowing firefighters to do their job without compromising their health ". another , more immediate measure would be for firefighters to shower as soon as they return to the fire station , the researchers say . other investigators , they note , have found that firefighters often say their skin ends up covered in soot after battling a blaze . s has no no about these during his each then but nor these his his before here out should while you only most into those below being a down about now because myself our itself not don until to by into while your his is for we been whom being a me can were do t don off our had below at now but again few has it down whom than of so do both once on was they its during so no but again are too where few out above how each they some most because here now nor doing hers to doing having out so all during about with to when nor before its some nor being s my our because because same can same down because can do such own while its our s which while between being her between ours where and both by if now after t will no are up off before from yourself once an out other did only were between my above what hers which that there now whom why during i to do that with all am to ours myself it for down its out or and any those have and up where further doing where up these on how such over are over off few this whom our so should because each themselves doing nor can or than so into over yours them just and were can does most theirs here yourself all your me there s such a while or on ourselves any each was from just has