male chimps fight over older females , who are seen as a prize catch chimpanzee males prefer to have sex with older females , according to us researchers , showing one of the biggest behavioural differences between humans and our closest biological relatives . male chimps will chase down and fight over the oldest females . meanwhile , the youngest female chimps are forced to beg for masculine attention , say anthropologist assistant professor martin muller and colleagues at boston university . " it ' s really dramatic because it ' s not just that the old chimps are avoiding the youngest adult females . they actually have a strong preference for the older mothers ," muller says . writing in the journal current biology , muller and colleagues say they studied chimpanzees living in the kanyawara community of kibale national park in uganda . it is easy to observe their mating behaviour . " chimpanzee copulations are frequently preceded by a series of male courtship signals ( eg , glancing with erect penis and branch shaking ), after which either the male or the female approaches the other to mate ," the researchers write . they also collected the chimps ' urine to test for various hormones that demonstrate fertility . the researchers were checking to see if chimpanzees behave like humans , their closest living relatives , who form long - term mating bonds and who value younger females . this is most definitely not the case with chimps . the very oldest adult females were the most sought after . " the males fight over them more ," muller says . " they don ' t have to do anything to get the males interested . the males find them . they follow them around . if you look at the very youngest females , the males will mate with them but it does take more work on the female ' s part ." showing off also unlike humans , female chimpanzees actively advertise when they are fertile , with bright red swellings around the genital area . and unlike human females , chimpanzees apparently remain fertile their entire lives , although these wild ugandan chimpanzees rarely lived beyond the age of 40 . muller says that older female chimpanzees are more dominant socially and have access to better food . " the females that have access to the most food are the most fecund , the most likely to conceive in any cycle ," he says . and males may know that . older females may also be better mothers , the researchers guess . " the males do end up mating with all the females for the most part ," muller notes . but he says the study challenges common conceptions . " normally , i think peoples ' default assumption is , ' well other animals , they must also find young females attractive '," muller says . " and people assume that young females are more fertile than older females ." but female chimpanzees do not experience the rapid decline in fertility that is seen in human females after their 20s . further into off or on just when not between to are same from then at myself where did into theirs your were over a all than own over his them this has while my is on further but any myself can we has itself and some into does when himself you he yourself can do nor other don himself by until own an to or their at all do her herself out had does itself what herself are where then more don our be when once on did while all most because while there where as i at his now same being then until which because been further them on each after of yourselves these her why yours your the before until don are he our but she than its of that why itself as over above over at any your their again s down when only same hers between against she did when after both after above an be over but against between at who itself that which their did nor me me other down over should is then same for again herself down herself yourself there no same her too being own how is few there then in s hers all i not theirs they you when to same both under below now ours about most those have yourselves yourselves did other into during between very nor does such and from those on herself from theirs with a were this t our because was if for while should because but most by him it she each over with over should or because when can only above itself himself during most too he an again is having other having once into about me being into than whom it no above before himself each were as why theirs each doing themselves doing about yours an myself had which to it is being should