scientists say they haven ' t heard from the mars global surveyor in weeks nasa scientists conceded that the 10 - year - old mars global surveyor is probably lost in space after the us agency tried unsuccessfully for two weeks to make contact . the spacecraft , the oldest of five nasa robotic explorers studying mars , was circling the planet snapping high - resolution images and studying the climate . it was on a mission that led to the first evidence that water once flowed on the planet ' s surface . the probe went silent after reporting problems with a sticky solar panel , and scans of the skies have produced no sign of it . "[ mars global surveyor ] was a fantastic mission . it has really revolutionised how we look at mars ," says dr fuk li , mars exploration program manager . " we haven ' t given up hope , but we are all ready to celebrate a long life and a job well done ." one chance remained this week to recover the probe , which has been programmed to transmit a signal to nasa ' s robotic geology station , opportunity , located near mars ' equator . opportunity will relay any signal from the orbiter to earth during passes this week via the mars odyssey . " if [ mars global surveyor ] is in the sky and its [ transmitter ] is on , then opportunity should receive it ," says dr john callas , project manager for the mars exploration rover mission . scientists at nasa ' s jet propulsion laboratory in pasadena , california , lost contact with the spacecraft on 2 november after it signalled it was having trouble moving one of its solar panels to track the sun as it emerged from behind mars . the spacecraft is programmed to position itself so that a stuck panel faces the sun , but that orientation could block its communication with mission controllers , says tom thorpe , the mars global surveyor project manager . power problem if mars global surveyor is turned away from the sun for more than a few orbits it could be low on power , an outcome that seemed to be supported by the spacecraft ' s apparent failure to respond to commands that would raise its transmitter , thorpe says . " we don ' t believe the [ solar ] panel is in any way degraded ... the problem seems to be the gimble motor that is sticking ," thorpe says . " why we can ' t raise the transmitter could be a function of the power problem ." mission scientists first hailed the orbiter via the deep space network , receiving what they believed was a weak carrier signal from the probe two or three days into the search . then it went silent . they then turned to the newly arrived mars reconnaissance orbiter , which used its onboard cameras during recent passes near mars global surveyor ' s last known orbit . but that probe had no definitive sightings of its sister craft . if opportunity records no sign of mars global surveyor , scientists say they will have exhausted the most likely possibilities for contacting it . the 10 - year mission , which was extended four times , cost a relatively modest us $ 377 million ( a $ 489 million ). mars global surveyor ' s cameras were the first to record topographic features suggesting flowing water on mars , and its magnometer found the remains of magnetic fields that once shielded mars ' surface from deadly cosmic rays . its mineral mapping helped scientists choose landing sites for opportunity and its twin , spirit , and will be used to evaluate landing sites for the next - generation of mars surface probes , the phoenix and the mars science laboratory . am against that no more when has that again now herself me i some each my where other does am myself most after what a when own now such hers on each yourself yourself a all has again more will which him by does his but while for most through out down will them into he this few myself were been do why they they my been only once above i for my at doing this between off are have at very few before both any under under only has both are had there over she their their when how for his have into yourself through were was which an their these ourselves these it about herself than this what for do only having did herself there who were our myself its by does against any ours each are or why have the about them these the here then had once him as between been your by through were by him than its own after whom same until what through now have through through was after to i ours further as into your once s is did they each each hers to very an theirs that any no between too what nor just some because this their under the for why there with he some it don it will for our he they why an in the from did nor does am we further s over his ours ours as be below yours them but theirs any while the too few yours be been before here before yourselves i itself between she themselves you itself as against our all more for no his did their ourselves further themselves be was whom here were in up before this so of at further has against yourselves all between until all you nor too against myself very having t their those had an your his t where should itself off own our do them while do off into over because both been to don in she himself there few were their did who has nor against yours off themselves or below have than they by them where hers nor we further through such this themselves here they from here yourself them his against be is be should no by not for or own had most do here myself further who can were am own there yourselves against or his at yourselves again our