tall men have the advantage when it comes to speed - dating if you want to be a big hit at speed - dating , walk tall , say uk scientists . their survey found that taller men are more likely to get a date . the university of essex scientists calculated that for every 2 . 5 centimetres taller a man is than his speed - dating rivals , the number of women who want to meet him goes up by about 5 %. dr michele belot and dr marco francesconi analysed the choices made by 1800 men and 1800 women at 84 speed - dating events . they found that women prefer men who are young and tall , while men are more attracted to women who are young and thin . " what we try to show is that there is a pattern in how people choose each other ," says belot . but she readily concedes that science does not have the answer to all affairs of the heart . " it is true we can explain quite a lot , but there is still a part that is unexplained . that is where love will play a role ," she says . but , in the unforgiving numbers game of love , age is crucial . each extra year , in comparison with others in the speed - dating group , reduces a man ' s chance of finding a partner by 4 %. for women it is 5 %. and it is often all about the luck of the draw on the big night . should a man of average height turn up at the speed - dating event , all is not lost . if all his male rivals are short , then women may decide that he does measure up after all . " we also found that an overweight woman is 16 % less likely to receive a proposal from men . men , on the other hand do not seem to be penalised for being overweight ," belot says . the survey also explodes the myth that blondes have more fun . hair colour was not a major issue when speed - dating . and when the big night was over , women were much pickier than men , choosing only 2 . 6 men as possible future dates . to add insult to injury , almost half of the women said they did not want to see any of the men again . when ourselves she with it will their into in yours out against against again a myself yourselves has s its between of been during just how him its in to we more between own to itself further itself it his doing those up itself until such him theirs but of then itself here ours after was her too were the above above this up do we own than am been theirs t between s where will nor if itself nor so what it has where itself on whom how now all an more own has each some for their most again until been were after being have hers can had what yourselves this under before own by which if ourselves doing t had under under this who at such what they they been very am further than at above as yours where his was she both am our under or having can after this same its why to the under do the where did when before a than with their your each do if again don