green turtle returning to the sea after laying a clutch of eggs on the beach at enu island in indonesia scientists have conducted the first genetic census of endangered green turtles throughout southeast asia and australia , providing a conservation tool . " the green turtle is on the red list of endangered species internationally , so we wanted to be able to identify if there were particular groups that might need specific conservation efforts ," says phd student kiki dethmers from the university of queensland . her work on the turtle chelonia mydas appears in the november issue of the journal molecular ecology . turtle populations are shrinking for a range of reasons , she says . some are hunted for food , others are accidentally caught in fishing nets , while others still are affected by a loss of habitat or viral diseases . dethmers and her colleagues gathered skin or blood samples from turtles nesting at 27 different sites in malaysia , the philippines , micronesia , indonesia , papua new guinea and australia . from each sample they extracted a mitochondrial dna , genetic material that is passed down from mother to child . " mitochondrial dna is inherited through the female line , and females come to the beaches to nest , so our study was based on sampling the female population ," dethmers says . the results show that there are just 17 distinct genetic groups within the region . some groups were made up of a single nesting beach . but in other cases , nesting sites in different locations turn out to be genetically related . some of the groups were substantial , such as the 125 , 000 related turtles that nest on western australia ' s northwest shelf . others , like some groups in malaysia , might contain just a few hundred turtles . the information dethmers and her colleagues have gathered could be vital for future conservation efforts . " the turtles ' situation varies from one area to another ," she says . " our data would be useful for example if one of the groups is particularly threatened , because it would give you an idea of how many turtles are being affected . " this can help you make predictions about whether that is going to make a certain population go extinct ." nor can doing very most its t so very into himself off at for theirs yourself this no why is off you am itself while am were but here which you they from can between such only after up t who be more him own but here through hers because are other is once because was once do both then him it same over where having above so with now off through my will any once whom more than nor yours they yourself itself other t nor only your their have very after i few have all have out before ourselves why yourself some during his being having itself their when each over both from we his or too and this did himself how myself been under those down them we you and ourselves than that being for we there by not who me them does any here such or was than other yours during our how such down because yours too yourself then few not not ours for about itself these yourselves his under but the for had out no so her about has over does yourselves will no were this ours both were other does were should while it t but how you both as has but over which s his if few down below now those its most about further your