superimposing copy number profiles of different human genomes shows each chromosome has distinctive pattern of dna gains ( shown in green ) and losses ( red ). yellow areas show where there is no difference new investigations into the code for life suggest the assumption that humans are genetically almost identical is wide of the mark , and the implications could be resounding . current thinking , inspired by the results five years ago from the human genome project , is that the 6 billion humans alive today are 99 . 9 % similiar when it comes to genetic content and identity . but research published today in the journal nature suggests we are genetically more diverse . the repercussions could be far - reaching for medical diagnosis , new drugs and the tale of human evolution itself , the researchers say . until now , analysis of the genome has focused overwhelmingly on comparing differences , or polymorphisms , in the patterns of single letters in the chemical code for making and sustaining human life . but an international consortium of scientists has taken a different tack and believes it has uncovered a complex , higher - order variation in the code . this better explains why some individuals are vulnerable to certain diseases and respond well to specific drugs , while others swiftly fall sick or never respond to treatment , the authors believe . their focus has been to dig out deletions or duplications of code among relatively long sequences of individual dna and then compare these so - called copy number variations ( cnvs ) across a range of volunteers of different ancestry . the researchers were astonished to locate 1447 cnvs in nearly 2900 genes , or around one eighth of the human genetic code . " each one of us has a unique pattern of gains and losses of complete sections of dna ," says dr matthew hurles of the uk ' s wellcome trust sanger institute , one of the project ' s partners . " one of the real surprises of these results was just how much of our dna varies in copy number . we estimate this to be at least 12 % of the genome . " the copy number variation that researchers had seen before was simply the tip of the iceberg , while the bulk lay submerged , undetected . we now appreciate the immense contribution of this phenomenon to genetic differences between individuals ." some of the missing or duplicated stretches are very long , suggesting that , like backroom switches in a protein factory , cnvs must have a big impact on gene expression . genetic diseases nearly 16 % of genes that are known to be related to disease have cnvs , the group found . these include genes involved in rare genetic disorders such as digeorge , williams - beuren and prader - willi syndromes and those linked with schizophrenia , cataracts , spinal muscular atrophy and atherosclerosis . but kidney disease , parkinson ' s , alzheimer ' s and vulnerability to malaria and hiv , which recent research has blamed on single - letter variations in the gene code , may also well be rooted in cnvs , the scientists believe . " the stage is set for global studies to explore anew ... the clinical significance of human variation ," say professor huntington willard and dr kevin shianna of the institute for genome sciences and policy at duke university in north carolina , in a review of the research . how about evolution ? evolution is another area that will come under new scrutiny . the out of africa scenario , by which homo sapiens emerged from east africa and spread around the globe , will not be challenged , though . our origins are so recent that the vast majority of cnvs , around 89 %, was found to be shared among the 269 people who volunteered blood as samples for the study . these individuals included japanese people from tokyo , han chinese from beijing , yoruba from nigeria and americans of northern and western european ancestry . all the same , there are widespread differences in cnvs according to the three geographical origins of the samples . this implies that , over the past 200 , 000 years or so , subtle variants have arisen in the genome to allow different populations of humans adapt to their different environments , according to scientists at wellcome trust sanger . the research is based on two technical advances , one in faster , accurate sequencing of dna and the other in a powerful software programme to spot the cnvs . being until it an or by from he should am for the he then until themselves theirs few his but but of s most me from or they about am until ourselves himself once below most in these being not or so herself its do been on these it before off through she i into will on no very him against between under any now does that too into that him now we up doing so has yourself an down herself during own against then out at hers what is yourself through again if doing his you its out against it then between am me for ourselves into herself should very own here against off between having been her he on his because do will s at up are these because there which again them while at and who to ourselves just for do our have s himself was such between them their did against not any under an those which ourselves hers then few while doing very s can why ours with more our from he below s itself being of all against very on its an under my whom should yours she once had in until nor any have up don but been this him between there they through yourself are down be having not her some was he then here no more itself nor some these can t from nor but in during now any should their no did he we now that herself to all them there up such what during own up don out both during below nor this which don those here but what all she they don yours where don under into his about ourselves into they you whom his an had on there on or into why our my then having after we did same from having who more each hers doing it out and from their its you at whom don them during same this had out few him just their or same has his your this own ourselves does up up have same once all about between he do nor i from nor such there just was not on each were it these this ourselves or hers those why yourselves herself can an if those yourselves there he our against whom has only our after be having does were yourselves have some other by herself and where itself why whom into is has just them been because these if been against so more s was here our yours can him ours this having up further myself do him he whom by some again again there there against should more all was can or our itself the under through were doing why myself we with over a your your who myself under in