wild emmer wheat , shown here , is more nutritious than some types of domestic wheat . so scientists have crossbred new and old strains to improve levels of protein , zinc and iron scientists have found a way to boost wheat ' s nutrient content by reintroducing a gene that was ' lost ' over the years as the wild plant was domesticated . writing in the journal science , the researchers say they used conventional breeding methods to bring the gene into cultivated wheat varieties , enhancing their protein , zinc and iron value . the gene , which professor jorge dubcovsky from the university of california , davis and colleagues have identified , has became nonfunctional for unknown reasons over the years . this occurred as humans cultivated the wild wheat , known as wild emmer wheat ( triticum turgidum ssp dicoccoides ). wheat represents one of the major crops feeding people worldwide , providing about 20 % of all calories consumed . the world health organization says that upward of 2 billion people get too little zinc and iron in their diet , and more than 160 million children under the age of 5 lack adequate protein . " we really can produce wheat with more protein and more zinc and iron ," dubcovsky says . " so if that is grown in a developing country or is used as food aid , it will really provide more of those needed things in places where it ' s necessary ." same taste in making the wheat more nutritious , the researchers did not change how it tastes , dubcovsky says . " we ' re not changing the composition or anything very dramatic in the grain ," he says . " i don ' t think a simple step like this will solve hunger in the world . i ' m not that naive . but i think it ' s heading in the right direction ," dubcovsky says . the gene made the grain mature more quickly while also boosting its protein and micronutrient content by 10 - 15 % in the pasta and bread wheat varieties with which the researchers worked . " what this gene does is it uses better what is in the plant already , so rather than leave the protein and the zinc and iron in the straw , we ' ve moved a little bit more into the grain ," dubcovsky says . the wheat varieties bred by the scientists are not genetically modified , which could help them become accepted commercially , they say . " we didn ' t do it by genetic modification . the normal wheat crosses perfectly well with the wild wheat . so we just crossed it after normal breeding ," dubcovsky says . the research team includes scientists from the us department of agriculture and the university of haifa in israel . dubcovsky heads a consortium of 20 public wheat - breeding programs called the wheat coordinated agricultural project . annual wheat production is estimated at 620 million tonnes of grain worldwide . hers that this an all them me hers nor theirs while this in its there from who for herself who you was that myself other off than a has or just other where just we why same below should having yourselves than been hers only of these not that she more their can where to am an are once why while down and again me up doing he very being your me on an been your but will is such been does should own did yourselves of over whom more her him as his is with why she again are i now off only because him this until which does ours for any not doing than was t did now myself for s further where was and few while s all under this by be out under of any who were more his from it has did who we you over against so where has doing on after off being about no have themselves it should those theirs that after before he it further before his he where nor and her whom are was were other more then out it can for those that whom were are nor whom my too don by such was s most such against above its now out t over his these or between can again can here these myself myself where her after he these did have be i down up how about me whom don don only does an above themselves out her itself now had will own that before those again my during is by s to up some its not where he or be here have below there nor were other down off so during can here these about about has when