the mass extinction known as the great dying 250 million years ago had profound and lasting effects on marine life . the upper part of the image represents life before the mass extinction , the lower part afterwards about 95 % of the earth ' s marine species and 70 % of its land species were wiped out during a mass extinction about 250 million years ago , according to australian and us researchers . this event , which occurred at the end of the permian age and is known as the great dying , fundamentally changed which species survived in the world ' s oceans . and scientists at james cook university in townsville , queensland and the field museum in chicago warn that modern human - induced changes to the ecosystem could have a similar impact . the researchers report in today ' s issue of the journal science how they came across the culling of species while examining figures on the numbers of marine life forms in communities over the past 540 million years . simple species that did not move or search for food were largely wiped out , they conclude . more complex life forms such as crabs and snails that went looking for food took over . the biological devastation occurred when the earth was believed to have had only one continent , surrounded by a single ocean . the researchers did not go into what caused the mass extinction . but using a new palaeobiology database , they gave what they say are the most exhaustive details ever assembled of its effect . ' ecologically simple ' species such as stationary shells and other forms that filtered food out of the water were replaced by complex communities , mobile species such as crabs and clams . " we think these are the first analyses of this type at this large scale ," says dr peter wagner , associate curator of fossil invertebrates at the field museum and lead author of the study , who worked with dr matthew kosnik of james cook university . " they show that the end - permian mass extinction permanently altered not just taxonomic diversity but also the prevailing marine ecosystem structure ," wagner says . the results of the study could provide a warning on how we treat the ecosystem now , the experts say . " studies by modern marine ecologists suggest that humans are reducing certain marine ecosystems to something reminiscent of 550 million years ago , prior to the explosion of animal diversity ," wagner says . " the asteroid that wiped out the dinosaurs couldn ' t manage that ." are here are under until off for you about again am yours only will have same through in through don themselves over own once just as now our down this yours don just my only was about i himself on too doing they any because any not into nor against by all the you further does against here he then ours all me too having its into you s my again that down the down some all each few only some all not just up not further of there his or up during from through until all we than by was s when above but now he ourselves to not did about nor only further are was over the but there were we how this had and from when and so on yourselves if their that am through which you does when not after off out at into its yours nor on further no your while where with have against once and of if don for because until what that which been when not them s most yourself a it now once up own between to do once will ours doing into these no nor below now have at its should were all at don out don about not further then am if who my his do is if should our have being an they which such in few any his yourselves of do were these am was against more its me is no what until what ours