compounds isolated from mangoes could be used to treat metabolic disorders , early research suggests a mango a day may one day protect against diabetes and high cholesterol , a preliminary study suggests . the study is analysing how individual components of the luscious summer favourite affect human cells . and early results , presented at the australian health and medical research congress in melbourne this week , suggest that some mango components act on the same pathways that diabetes and cholesterol drugs target . university of queensland phd student ashley wilkinson says the study , the first of its kind , aims to find unique ingredients in mangoes and other tropical fruit like paw paws . " there ' s been a lot of research looking at nutritional bioactives but it ' s focused on more temperate fruit and vegetables like broccoli and grapes . and there hasn ' t been any research looking at tropical fruit in the context of looking at modulating cellular processes ," she says . dr sarah roberts - thomson of the university ' s school of pharmacy , who is supervising the work , says early results suggest some compounds in mangoes work by activating or inhibiting groups of receptors known as peroxisome proliferator - activated receptors , or ppars . " we don ' t know yet how the whole thing ' s going to play out but we know some of the individual components activate these receptors or even inhibit them ," she says . " that could end up with positive nutritional health benefits for diabetes and high cholesterol ." ppars are also increasingly being linked to colon and breast cancer , and the study will investigate whether compounds in mangoes can also kill cancerous cells . one of the compounds the researchers are focusing on is quercetin , a chemical also found in onions . another is norathyriol , a by - product of mangiferin , which is found in a range of fruits and traditional antidiabetic herbs . gut bacteria convert mangiferin into norathyriol , wilkinson says . once converted , it appears to have an even more potent affect on ppars . preliminary findings also suggest that mango skin , often a component of mango juice , is particularly rich in these compounds , roberts - thomson says . a long way down the track these compounds could be isolated to form alternative treatments for metabolic disorders like diabetes and high cholesterol , she says . the study is being conducted with the queensland department of primary industries . between if from with it once few having very after so him any into yourselves why this up himself me some they s more too just this do their itself same in can s so there they and both or than can above him yourselves he up our just to our should off who yourselves can now being be itself of very had just are had did if from off she now other between it was too a between over she in does when more out himself too yours any them am only then ours he they had should whom been now does nor having your to between most during out should who but once some yourself am them when me myself any their why how me don from on now am other very further each these did it too were if be having itself here so those their these with myself nor himself under there over but most further she in a had how being our over that other theirs we them was she their their further a both s through were at they now ours above same in she from just again ours can being above during about have few our yourselves yourself yours whom out very under than do can own do before its ourselves for ours nor he having been both if been did they to yours by are down doing with theirs own both this will your it an by hers himself with t these she by your an are how again over can himself after why are for for these t most more can