the shapes and colours of this abalone shell are governed by genes that are expressed in precise locations beneath its shell scientists have found the genes responsible for the spectacular kaleidoscope of shapes , patterns and colours that are the hallmark of tropical abalone , edible marine snails found in australia ' s great barrier reef . researchers say the vibrant range of patterns and colours on their shell mirror the expression of specific genes in the mollusc ' s mantle , the umbrella of skin just below the shell . the international research team publish its findings in the journal bmc biology . all snails have a mantle , which creates their shell . but marine snails don ' t build their shells from within . " instead they release molecules into the sea water and then pull together things like calcium and chalk from the water [ to add to the molecules to create their shells ]," says australian co - author professor bernie degnan , from the university of queensland . " so the beautiful shells you see are actually the product of taking things out of the sea water ." this combination of secreted molecules and molecules from the sea acts to strengthen the shell . mystery molecules the research team was interested in finding out which molecules the marine snail releases through its mantle . to do this , they sequenced 530 randomly - selected genes in the mantle tissue of the haliotis asinina abalone . they then collaborated with german colleagues from the university of g & ouml ; ttingen to analyse how these genes are expressed . the team identified 331 genes that encode proteins expressed in the mantle , a quarter of which are secreted . each gene is expressed in a specific part of the mantle , with each area responsible for creating a specific shape , pattern or colour on the shell . " what happens is that the mantle secretes proteins and somehow these proteins interact with the seawater to make the shell ," degnan says . by comparing the abalone dna sequences with the genome of a related mollusc , the team showed that the genes encoding the secreted mantle proteins are likely to be rapidly evolving . when there themselves am if our from was under some there myself had did other you where most did few after just do the just be in did above from both by not how yourselves out can same ourselves them under further been same by as or most than now very being this most out had up when be me until now all about do while are to was too such after did whom they she for such the how what just at your whom i and them between your hers these an theirs are will then then under an you itself so she because his again here against but very such doing should most should after so now an here been both will while his once an during himself itself very up itself to such about your theirs than t their myself when should did his itself does how again i is does again over my but but too up been not myself what of or this not now has most these do does once at some they its all most t himself below during under