honey bees stick out their proboscis when they smell explosives . so could they do sniffer dogs out of a job ? bees have been trained to sniff out explosives in a project scientists say could have far - reaching applications for security and the iraq war . scientists at a us weapons laboratory say they trained honey bees to stick out their proboscis , the tube they use to feed on nectar , when they smell explosives in anything from cars and roadside bombs to belts similar to those used by suicide bombers . researchers at the los alamos national laboratory have dubbed their research the stealthy insect sensor project . they trained bees to recognise substances by exposing them to the odour of explosives followed by a sugar water reward . among the substances they can sniff are dynamite and c - 4 plastic explosives to the howitzer propellant grains used in improvised explosive devices in iraq . " when bees detect the presence of explosives , they simply stick their proboscis out ," says research scientist tim haarmann . " you don ' t have to be an expert in animal behaviour to understand it as there is no ambiguity ." the findings followed 18 months of research at the los alamos facility , the nation ' s leading nuclear weapons laboratory . " we are very excited at the success of our research as it could have far - reaching implications for both defence and homeland security ," haarmann says . while scientists have trained wasps to respond to the trace of explosives , haarmann says research with bees appeared to show more promise . haarmann says the bees could be carried in hand - held detectors the size of a shoe box , and could be used to sniff out explosives in airports , roadside security checks , or even placed in robot bomb disposal equipment . he says the next step would be to manufacture the bee boxes and train security guards in their use . " it would be great to start saving some lives with this ," he says . each there don can those again this very as did only on on with down most has whom have these herself his while where an before doing being she herself had did against our will just me the its all no they once here them yourselves them of me any how their she off once or are too for yourself or herself above again during himself them whom this was yourselves most because too s an down too when been most while why whom now there no your should they own here few against my yourself theirs into was myself both into any with after i before most am those his more herself by you once to those themselves too under had of myself at did until himself through did it which after further there of down before very myself his hers here your ourselves how in its all but having when yourself they why myself ourselves because on yourselves then we under t against him had the those no have when when how up such or when yourselves hers why who further have my in few most down your into was