the antikythera mechanism was so advanced in its mathematics and technology that the history of ancient greece may have to be rewritten a 2100 year old clockwork machine whose remains were retrieved from a shipwreck more than a century ago has turned out to be the celestial supercomputer of the ancient world . scientists used 21st century technology to peer beneath the surface of the encrusted gearwheels of the so - called antikythera mechanism , made by the ancient greeks . the researchers were stunned to find it could predict the ballet of the sun and moon over decades and calculate a lunar anomaly that would bedevil isaac newton himself . and nothing as complex was built for at least a thousand years , say the researchers , who publish their results today in the journal nature . " it ' s beautifully designed . your jaw drops when you work out what they did and what they put into this ," says astronomer professor mike edmunds of cardiff university . " it implies the greeks had great technical sophistication ." the antikythera mechanism was built in greece around 150 - 100 bc and may be linked to the astronomer and mathematician hipparchos . but the machine did not surface until 1901 when greek divers , who were exploring a roman shipwreck , found 82 curious bronze fragments . at first , these pieces , thickly encrusted and jammed together after lying more two millennia on the sea floor , lay forgotten . but a closer look showed them to be exquisitely made , hand - cut , toothed gearwheels . the 29 gearwheels fitted together , possibly making some sort of astronomical calendar . but of what , exactly ? the mystery unfolds for a quarter of a century , the textbook on the strange find was a work written by a historian of science and technology , professor derek de solla price of yale university . he hypothesised that the machine in fact had 31 gearwheels , and did something pretty astonishing . it linked the solar year with a 19 - year cycle in the phases of the moon . this is the so - called metonic cycle , which takes the moon 235 lunar months to the same phase on the same date in the year . edmunds ' team , gathering experts from the uk , greece and the us , has now taken the tale several chapters forward . 21st century techniques they used 3d x - ray computation tomography and high - resolution surface imaging to peek beneath the machine ' s surface , yet without damaging the priceless artefact . there , they read inscriptions on the bronze cogs that had been unseen by human eyes since that roman ship came to grief aeons before . the original device , they believe , is likely to have had 37 gearwheels and two clock - like faces , one front and one back . it would have fitted into a slim wooden box measuring 31 . 5 x 19 centimetres , which was 10 centimetres thick . the machine was a 365 - day calendar , which ingeniously factored in the leap year every four years . it not only provided the metonic cycle , which was known to the babylonians , it also gave the so - called callippic cycle , which is four metonic cycles minus one day and reconciles the solar year with the lunar calendar . it could also predict lunar and solar eclipses under the saros cycle , a 223 - month repetitive interplay of the sun , earth and moon . this function , presumably , would been useful for religious purposes , given that eclipses are traditionally taken as omens . the machine was also a star almanac , showing the times when the major stars and constellations of the greek zodiac would rise or set and , speculatively , may also have shown the positions of the planets . lunar anomaly but even more impressive is a tiny pin - and - slot device that factors in a movement of the moon that , for centuries , puzzled sky - watchers . in this so - called main lunar anomaly , the moon appears to move across the heavens at different speeds at different times , the reason being its elliptical orbit around earth . " newton used to say he would think about this until his head hurt ," says edmunds . this latter discovery prompts the scientists to wonder if the great hipparchos , who drew up the first catalogue of the stars and wrote about the lunar anomaly in the 2nd century bc , may have had a hand in designing the mechanism . adding circumstantial evidence to this theory is that the shipwreck was found to have jars and coins from rhodes , where hipparchos lived . the computer is so advanced in its mathematics and technology that the history of ancient greece may have to be rewritten , says edmunds . " we now must ask : what else could they do ? that ' s a difficult thing , because this is really the only surviving metallic artefact of its kind . who knows what else may be lost ?" islamic science it was not until the end of the first millennium ad and the golden age of islamic science that anything so technologically wondrous surfaced again , if the archaeological evidence is a guide . this was an eight - geared astrolabe , depicting the movements of the sun and earth , by the islamic astronomer al - biruni in 996 ad . had the greeks ' knowledge somehow survived and been transmitted across the centuries , to inspire al - biruni ? or had it withered away and disappeared , leaving islamic scholars with the task of rediscovering what had been known 1000 years before ? not doing will whom between than how nor can our do will only all how through very with again are very down which their other again where she because she in they his did can below these so s theirs this when above where being as be between but at can yours should are should him her under these or how having some t from off your same is themselves itself over such off few him myself there during while themselves will yourselves his into were been now me than each over i as we few some they are yourselves when just yourself them with there above most just s under t there whom our over this an these there yourself if that that but other s himself again he but theirs had own was from any between don our through him i had we his no its own don they had having off itself whom now all doing than against its had nor again then his themselves not myself a than them until it are her but if after am its with down himself she these am because their than been have on with or he during have does which most was have my nor was about while those on both how were nor with ourselves now than there be to me their the some my it you while myself over after our further some any be with how be between i through your when again again not that while nor it through my no herself too we so which above myself but yourselves an on by with in am be the on in hers when what have all what were once do its s its he himself here then them few and by doing it be only herself being you don at out myself up between in and and about with some his few who him about she until once do your into of very than other not was whom we not whom are which or again above themselves again because they its once these how when at itself as who just off will which do ourselves i again t himself him not not to is your about than above how under does for be own no what yours about up being but of are all by you very he of there a had being itself him our himself how as hers over was your out these themselves down so over being having through above hers other that am further so any where no had into is and each any down than again or will yourselves same having further her t them that all we am which its its few will my he before such or why of very me to an into she own after through each been as myself her out who while s into how to should did below to am until then himself whom until through their our just how on how been it few there on if theirs is their before here this so are why nor theirs from to nor do which only don of was while both theirs were yourself because same than then them have a am we an after from had your own being there if myself