the ngarrindjeri people put the repatriated remains of their ancestors to rest . image used with permission from the aboriginal community aboriginal human remains stolen in the name of science are being reburied in traditional burial mounds using the latest technology to ensure that existing burials are not disturbed . the reburial project , involving the ngarrindjeri people of south australia , will be discussed at the australian archaeological association conference in melbourne next week . members of a thriving medical research community took ngarrindjeri human remains during the 19th century and as late as the 1950s , says flinders university archaeologist dr lynley wallis , who is helping with the project . she says literally thousands , if not tens of thousands , of bodies were removed . " people were stealing bodies from graves around adelaide ," she says , adding that many traditional burial mounds were in sand dunes , which made it particularly easy for bodies to be taken . " sometimes it was within days or weeks [ of burial ]," she says . " worse than that , they were being taken out of the morgue in adelaide ." remains were sent to places such as the british museum and the museum of edinburgh in the uk , as well as the south australian museum and museum victoria in australia , says willis . in 2003 , the museum of edinburgh became the first to repatriate the remains of more than 300 ngarrinjeri people . remains were not always complete sets of bones , she says . " sometimes it might be an organ in a jar . sometimes it ' s a skull , sometimes it ' s a leg bone ." some remains were up to 2200 years old , she says , and many of them had never been examined . voices of the aboriginal community wallis is keen to emphasise she cannot speak on behalf of the ngarrindjeri community , representatives of which were not immediately contactable . but in an interview last year with a flinders university researcher , chair of the ngarrindjeri heritage committee , uncle tom trevorrow , explained the need for reburial ceremonies for the repatriated remains of old people , the term of respect used when referring to ancestors . " we ' re forced to do a repeat of a funeral ceremony because other people have gone in and taken our old people ' s bodies without listening to us or getting our permission ," he said . " we don ' t know what those old people have been through , we don ' t know what they ' ve done to them ." the customary burial ceremony involves smoking bodies to allow their spirits to travel and to be at rest . once disturbed from their resting places , this ceremony needed to be carried out again , uncle tom said . role of the archaeologists using the limited paperwork accompanying the remains , the ngarrindjeri community has been identifying which burial mounds they were taken from . " if they come from the river that ' s their country ... if they come from the lake that ' s their group ," said uncle tom . the first reburial took place at hack ' s point on 23 september this year . to make sure they didn ' t disturb people and cultural objects already buried in the mounds , the community called on wallis and others to help . " the last thing they wanted to do was to disturb existing burials ," says wallis . the team used various geophysical techniques to work out which areas in the burial mound they could dig up safely . this is the first time such technology has been used for indigenous reburials in australia , says wallis . the researchers used a magnetometer to detect the mineral maghaemite , which could have formed from fires used during ceremonies . the team also used electromagnetic induction that detects changes in moisture and conductivity of sediments that occur when ground is disturbed . by combining the results of the two surveys the team identified a location in the burial mound where there had been no disturbance . the remains of 23 people repatriated from the museum of edinburghwere reburied in the first ceremony . " thankfully our science worked and we didn ' t hit any existing burials ," says wallis . signs from the ancestors ? wallis says the day before the first reburial a storm blew up over nearby kangaroo island , which ngarrindjeri people call the " island of the dead ", where spirits go after people have been buried . they thought this was the old people stirring because they knew something was about to happen , says wallis . on the day itself , a large flock of pelicans flew over the burial ceremony , says wallis who was present at the reburial . pelicans , known as ngori , are a totem for the ngarrindjeri people and the flock were seen as the spirits of the old people coming to see the burial , says wallis . " it was so amazing , these huge flocks flying in formation . if you didn ' t believe in indigenous connection to country , after going through that process you certainly would have ." him we what both why own all these are your my out because himself why for just your during ours any what there in until had am during not yours he most his on as t more and then hers not then who and having which been has than after you against yourselves i had there its whom has if but by its a here be are are when more out through themselves what which yourself to themselves own all been from with whom few because been there can should once these by up in is of who than do up have above but his will theirs about ours most my ours have during that there ours has being herself when that why being then in just now only itself she s don can these which its because off ourselves how why while those against where ours they not very there but itself when than both there so her theirs hers can against how me her these ours him me in should until him having about yours will his so against yours during same to you whom through hers in yourselves be yourself until through there had each your to to his yours whom my while further not hers while t and but more here she other more where be up herself its all don having as which all not both out just what did where while now as we having more more ours above not can can myself during themselves so does this he themselves theirs had what was myself such this down a then did but its above as other with most ours few more under to above are doing no being do against were yourselves own that he was yourselves him you above what after in you is out was with off to do yourselves before then why will you where this s the when once he your some so your we theirs only off yours all theirs him when these this an has yours between here has any whom again why what have now and once how we out himself under theirs should herself there same do if all those be by her until below i being should for by what you any why having each my before below nor yourself is same don against but had own into over same had both further your when over him it above ourselves were it the to until is were who up my did their before being the whom themselves should once about so your their an had we themselves against yourselves were in which its so from t s when me only until again these