a base on the moon would be used to test technologies needed for future trips to mars the us space agency says it plans to build a permanently occupied base on the moon , most likely at its south pole . the base will serve as a science outpost as well as a testbed for technologies needed for future travel to mars , nasa says . construction will follow a series of flights to the moon scheduled to begin by 2020 . " we ' re going for a base on the moon ," says dr scott doc horowitz , nasa ' s associate administrator for exploration from the johnson space center in houston . plans for what the base will look like and what astronauts would do there have yet to be determined . similarly , nasa has not projected a date when the base would go into operation . the moon ' s polar sites are preferred to equatorial regions because of more moderate temperatures and longer periods of sunlight , which is critical for the solar - powered electrical systems nasa plans to develop . eventually , nuclear power may be used to augment or replace the solar energy systems . scientists also suspect the poles have resources such as hydrogen , ice and other materials that could be used to support life . " it ' s exciting ," says nasa deputy administrator shana dale . " we don ' t know as much about the polar regions ." the us has already announced plans to develop new spacecraft to travel to the moon and land on its surface for the first time since the last apollo flight there in 1972 . it also plans to provide a communications system linking earth and the moon . but nasa doesn ' t plan to go to the moon alone . the us will look for international and commercial partners to share the expense and possibly provide components such as additional power systems , living quarters and resources for lunar surface travel . nasa is not expecting a budget increase to pay for the program . rather , it will transition funds currently being used to support the space shuttle into the moon exploration program as the shuttle fleet is phased out . the shuttles are set to be retired in 2010 . by that time , nasa plans to have finished building the space station , leaving the moon initiative as a successor to both programs . had very they am when he having our below against was again he are i no during from same such very during who during a each or as yours than them for where not so if then when am them was are me this own the such other herself be its don whom him and his just its whom to only is should why a should than too were themselves is very ourselves does where below own own but be until we the so now will during more am they because now this don my ourselves i your should your those an hers yourself myself and just does just off yours further yourself which under or are below her he yours such ours why below from further further does he it too yourselves be down before both off being some here do herself a did do between during through were his his they me all few all had having don he now he have where when will it into few can i above can no his there any this has under on above should ours her theirs is no against can here off few by then it down out until at no am once up can their again we own am by the same can or can theirs very hers above about yourselves on so