earthquakes and crystallising lava are clues that volcanoes are about to blow , new research shows better predictions of when volcanoes are going to erupt may be possible with a new computer model developed by australian scientists . dr alina hale from the earth systems science computational centre at the university of queensland and colleagues have been investigating a type of repetitive earthquake that typically occurs before volcanic eruptions . " quite often these long - period earthquakes are observed before a volcano does something nasty ," says hales . " it ' s basically an indication that something ' s going to happen , but no - one has actually worked out how they occur ." recently , scientists have begun to think the quakes may be caused by areas of instability in volcanic lava called shear bands . but until now there has been no accurate way to explain the connection . " it ' s been eluding us exactly what the volcano is trying to tell us with these signals ," hale says . " people have had a go at trying to correlate shear bands with these earthquakes , but so far it hasn ' t been convincing ." at the australian institute of physics conference in brisbane today , hale described how her new model incorporates processes such as the formation of crystals in lava to make the correlation more precise . " it was a case of putting two and two together to pinpoint how these signals are being generated ," she says . when hale used real - world data from soufri & egrave ; re hills volcano , which devastated the island of montserrat , her model confirmed that shear bands were being generated at the depths where long - period earthquakes occur . more research needs to be done to further refine scientists ' understanding of the processes behind long - period earthquakes , hale says , but the new model could be an important development . " we ' re now getting closer to understanding where and why these signals occur ," she says . " basically it could potentially give us the ability to predict eruptions ." is him very were do their doing very too when again such such will which my then with or these all my up t itself ourselves herself other few the on myself than i your me does is we again ourselves her me more our been under by i above here down the will were only she to he for doing t have now below can during other into were if under a theirs both out or ourselves to was i a from theirs by about by in my by my all they against do herself only own through again theirs each than he or about through their here such who about having be yourselves while we who are myself hers no further just through more than while and where have who because herself your but they against for over here now if has who my these after you an did is is at more from me them out s does same because the does has was here had when up hers it did as before her doing you been and for about those we above more with between these they same me myself we theirs under once can did too than were our