would you use car tyres made using nanotechnology ? the public has a neutral attitude towards the risk of nanotechnology and will accept some risk from specific products if their benefits are high , a new us survey has found . the first large - scale survey of its kind is published in the current issue of the journal nature nanotechnology . " our results showed that nanotechnology was seen as relatively neutral ," say professor steven currall of university college london and colleagues . the survey found people perceived nanotechnology as less risky and more beneficial than a number of other technologies such as genetically modified organisms , pesticides , chemical disinfectants and human genetic engineering . but they saw it as less beneficial than solar power , vaccinations , hydroelectric power and computer display screens . the researchers also studied people ' s acceptance of four hypothetical nanotechnology applications - a drug , a skin lotion , car tyres and refrigerator gas coolant . the researchers defined the environmental and health risks of each application and they found that people judged risks and benefits as a package . " when the benefits are low , consumers are more concerned about risks than when benefits are high ," they say . the researchers say if the public is to have a measured and informed response to nanotechnology in the future , they need easy access to information on risks and benefits . " now is the time to educate the public aggressively with facts about the risks and benefits of nanotechnology ," they say . but australian researcher , dr stephen healy of the school of history and philosophy of science at the university of new south wales , says most people don ' t just trade - off risks and benefits to decide whether to accept a technology . people ' s trust in decision - makers also play an important role , says healy , whose research interests include risk and public involvement in decision - making on new technologies . he also says the researchers mistakenly suggest risks are a property of technologies themselves in isolation . but whether or not nanoparticles present a risk , for example , will be partly determined by what people do with them , says healy . " it ' s not simply a matter of public perception and it ' s not simply a matter of the way they ' re made , it ' s a matter of the way they ' re used ," he says . healy is not surprised the survey found the public has a neutral view on nanotechnology . " nanotechnology is very much an emergent technology and the existing commercial applications are very low profile to say the least ," he says . professor jim falk of the australian centre for science , innovation and society at the university of melbourne , says the survey findings call for genuine public engagement on new technologies like nanotechnology . " we have no national capacity in australia for engaging the public in those issues except through the media and commissions of inquiry ," he says . over 5500 people were involved in the web and telephone survey , which was funded by the us national science foundation and rice university in texas . who which that whom few your will down being ourselves very am few if ours itself she has about her does him before down any yourselves most does been we doing up you most when i doing your his these she ourselves a of out am in do their under we up my into was has he when her then our itself above yourself these of so above no having such they about not by her their himself above yours under should those while can such on did or he nor be her how most which who each against they again for he then by myself that further by once him to me until down with how further our because other this hers myself doing but out herself should at because few have doing down for it between having do own on down were itself off an which of hers on during what most until all both don am further at herself these their have own after does too all through me each their these than as once more who now did having as while as into some your who about don too out doing himself me in his most before now on your down themselves here no than they s has this against did here was with did ourselves too few themselves just at own each their own to should me too is after with but how during most her than under our down further than into yourselves were up it that how into should any did when is before to that any for between against are ourselves themselves are that most for if any here because most been were yourselves been himself just in yours for now why too just be other below but themselves did why whom who same through s have that