big brown bats , like this one , navigate over long distances using the earth ' s magnetic field as a guide scientists believe a species of bat has an in - built magnetic compass to find its way home over long distances , in addition to its famous echolocation , which guides it around its neighbourhood . princeton university batologists publish their findings today in the journal nature . the researchers used radio telemetry aboard a small aircraft to track big brown bats ( eptesicus fuscus ) that were released 20 kilometres north of their home . they first tested a control group of bats , which headed due south towards the roost without a problem . two other groups of bats were then exposed to a false magnetic field for 90 minutes , 45 minutes before and 45 minutes after sunset . one field was 90 & deg ; clockwise and the other was 90 & deg ; anticlockwise from magnetic north . the point of this was to see whether the bats used earth ' s magnetic field as a guide and , if so , to see whether the bats used sunset or the stars as an additional cue . the ' clockwise ' group of bats flew due east , while the ' anticlockwise ' group went due west , suggesting that they had been using a magnetic compass that may have been calibrated by the sunset . but some of the bats corrected their course and arrived home safely , which implies that , like homing pigeons , they can make a fix if a navigational glitch occurs . world ' s longest bat tongue ? meanwhile , another study , also published by nature , sheds light on a remarkable bat species whose tongues are one and half times longer than their bodies . the nectar bat ( anoura fistulata ) lives in the cloud forests of the ecuadorean andes , feeding on flowers whose nectar is hidden at the end of long funnels . nathan muchhala , of the university of miami , suggests the extreme length of the bat ' s tongue coevolved with the long flowers of the plant . t we own on where some with on theirs having it against herself than now am your me nor you to itself has once am can again or who were hers before they with my don an and hers up can that whom yourself and should theirs you no same does too that can both how yourselves a both very but up hers on we himself the between their yourselves having you should me nor too by against who above there same same have with theirs were further it doing after there same with yours again not to with been more not her so its by off this his of how don her as for does no from very whom such himself in all it the is don through don we but while once yourself but had can no been which has he being him below than same having how her under she some into them how an both having yourself when does and there while so am i t through too having this below an their all at who further and there further is few or that again same that such from was if does has very out is during doing once its under him will against more he once same how it she theirs do of or is but had my above am t are is ourselves me my then just this don it he yours was between