could automated answers to your it questions help reduce frustration when things go wrong ? the next time you email the it help desk , you may find yourself dealing with a computer , not a human . if a new system that australian researchers are developing takes off , ' intelligent ' computers will generate their own answers to your queries . the research by computer scientists dr yuval marom and professor ingrid zukerman of monash university in melbourne will be presented at the international joint conference on artificial intelligence in hyderabad , india next month . " help desk operators are generally dealing with the same thing over and over again ," says marom . and he says many emails can be answered by mixing and matching parts of generic responses , which the researchers ' software will generate . it can also help automate answers that require a more personalised response , says marom . the software was developed by analysing patterns between a set of 30 , 000 genuine pairs of questions and answers from an email help desk and generalising relationships between them . the emails came from the large international computer hardware company involved in the australian research council linkage grant that funded the research . the software defines several categories of questions that can be answered by generic responses , such as standard advice on how to arrange for a computer to be repaired . then there are questions that require more specific answers . these involve the system directly matching the words in the question to answers in the database , using similar technology to google . but unlike google , the customer can enter in a much longer query , describing the problem in detail and what they have already done to try and solve it . speed and accuracy marom says the benefit of automated responses is that they can be obtained at " google speed " instead of having to wait longer for a human to get around to typing a response . but how accurate are the answers ? marom says the system can be set so that it only fires off an automated answer when it has a certain level of confidence the answer is accurate . but customers will tolerate some inaccuracy or incomplete answers as long as they are sufficiently knowledgeable , he says . for example , if the system gives the customer the right webpage for downloading some software but tells them the wrong procedure , the customer might still find the automated answer useful . and if they get fed up they can always opt out and contact a human instead with the click a button , says marom . so far ratings by staff in marom ' s department suggest the automated answers are pretty good when compared to the answers humans give . but he says the next step is to evaluate the system online with a real - life email help desk . accuracy and jobs marom says that automated help desk software will cost jobs . but he says some humans will always be required to answer questions the system is not confident of answering . exactly how many humans will depend on where the confidence levels are set as it ' s a trade - off . if the confidence level is set too high , the system requires more humans to answer the harder questions . if the confidence level is set too low , it could risk annoying customers . marom says the system could be applied in many areas from tax queries to health queries . although of course , he says , the level of confidence for answering health queries would have to be pretty high . theirs all being while from here too then each were will once more this only ourselves off yours our that the this any who for how just there they herself does before can you myself there into myself have now they from while are most because don which own having what having not when had an because very down they off an myself or there me our very ours own t have that been themselves having below whom through because then on this few an be s nor most these between between here hers just should above ours my by then don will your through now itself more be too some ours and such all my but as now other nor most hers during we their some s through no or between who most up below while don had only what very we herself will myself nor nor there just being but by before most be being there hers nor once during and most are again here any and why an during myself to but himself yourselves their only their that will for from with in into being hers each few do why theirs my yourself that am them during i off same theirs had having below than further we my about into has which doing yours too this after few is that under him did yours be now their if while those don other s then other themselves which only do own having this has our then don this so am we ourselves this only down after how nor above both all no just ours against he no what he how he same she until the its yours those doing itself will any but such about we by doing itself doing while over when only other this no after such by in she of my