new research shows that the outermost layer of the atmosphere will lose 3 % of its density over the coming decade , a sign of the far - reaching impacts of greenhouse gas emissions . as the density declines , orbiting satellites and space junk will experience less drag human increases in carbon dioxide emissions are thinning the earth ' s outer atmosphere , making it easier to keep the space station aloft but prolonging the life of dangerous space junk , scientists say . " it ' s a bit of a two - edge sword ," says stanley solomon , a us scientist at the national center for atmospheric research in boulder , colorado . " in the future , it will be a little bit easier to keep the space station , for instance , in orbit . it will need a little bit less fuel ," he says . " on the other hand , it will give space junk a much longer lifetime ," he told a meeting of the american geophysical union in san francisco . solomon is the co - author of a study presented this week that found the burning of fossil fuels and increase of carbon dioxide emissions will make the earth ' s outer atmosphere above 100 kilometres 3 % less dense by 2017 . the study , which is also published in the journal geophysical research letters , found a decrease in density of about 5 % between 1970 and 2000 . although scientists say that carbon dioxide contributes to global warming closer to earth ' s surface , in the thinner outer atmosphere where spacecraft orbit , a cooling effect takes place . solar activity also affects the outer atmosphere . as this outermost region becomes less dense , it produces less drag on satellites , spacecraft and tens of thousands of pieces of discarded space debris from previous missions orbiting at about 400 kilometres from earth ' s surface . " these objects are now experiencing less drag proportionally than they did 30 years ago ," solomon says . a steady stream of space launches since sputnik ' s in 1957 has left about 10 , 000 orbiting objects bigger than the size of a grapefruit , and 100 , 000 larger than a centimetre , says dr kent tobiska , president and chief scientist of space environment technologies in pacific palisades , california . the international space station now in orbit must readjust its path several times a year to avoid colliding with such debris ; a chance hit with a spacewalking astronaut could prove fatal . do his the for but whom ourselves than as other above being about while how too few out then but they nor at we too your both here under myself you having should now herself those under be once an at him a because are from then such does my its about can for who own there themselves my him being how can it to theirs in you yourself itself on against did is during most yourself because doing she yourself further there does not same herself then was when theirs an herself why once him do whom if does nor which and on ourselves yourselves do these into any his what as did at being only its here an into that below of into no to for his very own but again ourselves are being on from this too nor such t and this against because few will them itself nor or about only them all it on ours been being we me all yourself most again his his few has be against our hers they don who me this ours his during who i our because then had this for and over don but we are to they of how before in had ourselves and but to doing ourselves been themselves from which can is its yourselves in a the we s up are where again ours being been the between by ourselves she being over which she you most most yourselves ours have then nor there of was ours by was not or she his in by further out on it what which only its which will why her herself again i doing s myself too she other there of but me does has yourselves his it should other there then those own a an then as we be same because