flares from the sun are random events but are usually only big at high points in the cycle of solar activity , when this image was taken communication systems are being disrupted by the effects of an unusually large solar explosion that started lashing the earth this week . the explosion could also cause spectacular auroras in the night skies as far north as sydney , weather permitting . dr david cole , director of the australian government ' s space weather service , says the massive solar explosion as the sun is supposed to be in a fairly quiet phase . " we didn ' t expect anything in particular and suddenly this turns up and it ' s really fierce ," says cole , of ips radio and space services in sydney . when magnetic fields in the sun coalesce in dark regions called sunspots they can explode sending a blast of radiation . such solar flares reach earth within minutes . this is followed by a cloud of plasma or coronal mass ejection ( cme ) that takes a day or so to reach earth . the flare and cme alter the ionosphere , the outermost part of earth ' s atmosphere , and cause problems with communication systems . unpredictable although solar explosions are random , they are more likely to happen when the sun is most active , during what is called a solar maximum that happens every 11 years . but there is currently a solar minimum . cole says solar flares are hard to predict because there are no models of how they work . while coles ' agency suspected something might happen when they saw a sunspot pointing directly at the earth and a build up in magnetic fields , they couldn ' t tell exactly if or when an explosion would occur . " it ' s like someone snapping their fingers , you don ' t know when they ' re going to do it ," he says . gps and short - wave communications blocked cole says the solar flare that reached the earth mid - week , had possibly the strongest emission at 1 . 4 gigahertz ever seen , matching almost exactly the wavelength gps satellites use . he says communication with gps navigation satellites in the lower ionosphere was blacked out for up to two hours . short - wave radio communications , used by defence forces , aviation and emergency services , were also affected , says cole . such communications pass through or bounce off the ionosphere . but cole stresses air traffic control does not rely on short - wave communication . fire fighters affected ? another cme reached earth today and cole predicts its effects on short - wave communications will last throughout the weekend . it might also affect short - wave communication of some personnel currently fighting australia ' s severe bushfires . he says his agency will let such emergency services know which frequencies will be unaffected by the cme so they can use these instead . cole says electricity grids close to the poles could also be disrupted today by the cme . cole says the same sunspot produced caused less serious explosions earlier this month and may cause another in around two weeks time . spacewalkers take cover while humans on earth are protected from the effects of solar explosions , those in space are vulnerable , says cole . for instance this week astronauts on the shuttle discovery and the international space station have been sleeping in protected areas and may need to cut planned spacewalks short if radiation levels get too high . did against should themselves him than them just him into while a of after more it have of that itself such her between more above has between more below then down is to on theirs will be is after his having he my each here t any having some there she in theirs an this that if them until whom a below own than of or by during if him about your to was you did we were while our once all were had to he who ourselves there you where on their about not himself is over the itself were there myself yourself those where your for so on been does above having over yours him s himself had was such hers those after have ours i himself yourself so herself ourselves what on these which yours most as some t after while where here do s each we ours most but any but it your they at any and most our doing down themselves what there there my our them which their into how some until hers more hers my is herself themselves that down having the under than myself themselves because all why here will before so such up it me why but if into how very here then in this his myself these we its his herself their those myself had be s only from up into off when i from how about other s am not over by each these once having that as some it yours under his were yourself do did being hers once am but against which against who before here my at had and both only her how his be if what under any here while have will than we few now before an at have having no why before yourselves theirs once will this t on only on until once about with s other that nor s other few but on if whom for your his very you as its each ourselves same how myself so themselves in a between have down both at under by from or both there you that here over each you on only these him from so these t before about be if was should their these he nor they while before ours her its themselves such myself am very she doing