nanowires can function as highly sensitive tuning forks , scientists say scientists say they have made the world ' s strongest nanowire , reaching the theoretical limits of what they ' d planned to build . the nanowire , which is about 1000 times thinner than a human hair , is so strong it could support 16 african elephants if it was scaled up to the size of a child ' s finger , says associate professor john sader from australia ' s university of melbourne . sader is part of an international team of scientists that grew the semiconducting nanomaterial , publishing the results in the journal nano letters . " the ultimate strength we report is the highest recorded for any semiconductor material system and is at the theoretically predicted limit ," says sader , who was involved in measuring the strength of the wires using an atomic force microscope . " this indicates that these nanowires are near perfect materials ." experts say that such nanowires could one day be used to make electrical and electromechanical devices like environmental sensors or even ultra - precise clocks . to built a nanowire the nanowires were built from germanium , an element the researchers say has similar chemical properties to tin . they built the material on a surface coated with gold nanocrystals , which allowed the germanium to nucleate and grow . they then tested the strength by placing it across a small trench and manipulating it sideways . they found it could bend and stretch further than any other nanowire anyone had ever made , sustaining 15 gigapascals before snapping . this was roughly the same as the predicted ultimate force , compared to many other semiconducting nanowires , which snap at just 15 % of their theoretical limits . if the wire was one centimetre in diameter it could hold up to 100 tonnes without breaking , he says . this resilience will result in failproof nanodevices , says sader , adding it is not theoretically possible to make a stronger nanowire . " this exhibits the theoretical limits , so this is basically it ," he says . tuning forks and metronomes professor paul mulvaney from the university of melbourne ' s school of chemistry , who wasn ' t involved in the research , says the nanowires could be used as sensors to detect gases , air pollutants or biological agents . this is because they function as super - sensitive ' tuning forks ' that change frequency when molecules become attached to them . " because the wires are so small , they can detect very small amounts of materials absorbing onto their surface ," he says . they could also be used as nanoscale metronomes that vibrate in high - frequency timing devices or in computer chips , he says . germanium nanowires are also ideal candidates for making optical devices like light - emitting diodes and tuneable lasers , mulvaney says . s again me with being as than a during has but has should just then over under once above this too yourself herself yours and until other after himself its whom was by again him most other of does he nor i was at once against ourselves is will other t them as which nor whom now should s nor we from them how do to being being will he those her if but some yourselves more don out than before above hers into yourselves am over him there having the up the can why don by up few an some other again most if off me very by through that me has will been an been but will his each itself theirs itself herself own have before all while because same these both while or he an down theirs no more through some of don own only we having yourselves is do i should did further down some am only then his were he than herself these why before a and nor what own it why with too some other until nor by in because by between your before off theirs when he but into the do just does doing was me or some himself any having some which too yourself had whom through but just doing above herself with am very under his few itself all where themselves should of between of themselves which for further can above further herself them and yourself under have their nor that no or being she too are these has some was before nor but over very having again for of same s nor as were does does a down until has between what whom having me its more hers my itself in