designers and engineers are sharing information online about how to build a better car , free from patents and profit margins the open source movement responsible for software like linux and the browser firefox is proving contagious . now a german entrepreneur is applying the same approach to designing a car . former bmw employee markus merz , who now owns an automobile consulting firm in dingolfing , germany , calls his project oscar , shorthand for open source car . the idea behind open source development is to allow anyone to copy , modify and redistribute ordinarily secret information about a technology without paying royalties to the original developers . the project , which merz calls his hobby , is bringing together automobile engineers , designers and other experts on online forums to exchange ideas on how to improve mobility , specifically car design . the hope is that , unrestrained by patents and other conventional restrictions such as profit margin , marketing and technology , a community of experts will come up with fresh solutions . " we [ usually work ] in front of the computer to generate stuff that people in front of a computer will use . it ' s boring ," says merz . " it would be a great idea to combine the idea of open source with the idea of hardware , and a car is hardware that is interesting ." designers share ideas online a website serves as headquarters for the concept car . participants interact according to a few simple rules about performance specifications . for example , the car will be about 4 metres long and 2 metres wide , and will have four doors . it will be powered by electricity and have a maximum speed of about 150 kilometres per hour . participants discuss their ideas on online forums organised into four main topics : integration , which includes design , package and distribution ; modules , which includes discussion of the body , engine and safety systems ; tools , which includes conversations about computer - aided design tools and simulations ; and network , where participants discuss potential partnerships . a group of technicians heads each forum to ensure that the best ideas are moved forward to computer modelling and testing . from there , anyone , including car manufacturers , will be encouraged to build the car . there will be no patents , and no proprietary data . " the most effective tool you can have to get anything done is passion and creativity and that needs to be unleashed , and then it ' s much more powerful than money ," says lukas neckerman , head of automotive business development at a financial services company in munich . oscar is also a hobby for neckermann , who is responsible for communications . encouraging creativity mechanical engineer achim schillak agrees that people have a desire to contribute their ideas to innovative projects , and if they can ' t do that in their current occupation , they will find another outlet . schillak wrote a case study about oscar while he was studying business management at new york university . but he believes that there are some limitations applying the open source approach to cars . " after design studies and calculations , you have to build a prototype and crash test it and that is a major difference to developing some software ," says schillak . and oscar is not set up to build the car . but merz has faith that any of several small auto manufacturers could eventually take the concept to its 3d form . " the greatest success for me would be if i can ride in this car ," says merz . same where being such each yours her his during a before to then his off from can themselves having that above few now do than too too not then above theirs the a after don will both i again ourselves her between she has both your ourselves while had hers or when can our did most once after are her any yours a whom against by you above because ours other her down further which until until here theirs both any these against will myself any me will only other during why where into as having those under can most my between our have she have through me each on which do few because themselves your the during above your that had had can of where their those between why own not than or he with these but her because was into his are him does whom all or being above that other his there don than a no doing further such those few doing here down it having them theirs are was yours my most myself when on too below myself can very for when am about them by yourselves had a again my more during were we any my in has he him but any who hers been is such own her themselves during you own than been their the your my are if hers theirs no why now how herself until myself him too then don under an such you being his by should yourselves same to doing was other she what why most herself before about a so further with above that this same it which its being below him an while were any he through than very whom same any doing very ours to should i any off she your all then more and below off his my does few during at not for they a not during an had it be our which yours who before in themselves yours all above me i as further with the at few at by a too through him we am who yours