latest image of the first light in the universe fresh evidence of the first objects to emerge after the big bang has left scientists debating what these could be . researchers say the cosmic glow could be the first stars or quasars , but are not sure which . dr alexander kashlinsky and colleagues at the nasa goddard space flight center will report their findings in the 1 january issue of the astrophysical journal . using nasa ' s spitzer space telescope , the researchers analysed infrared radiation from deep space . they first removed the bright signal of recent galaxies in the foreground to detect the the ancient background glow . the researchers saw clumps in this infrared background radiation they believe comes from the first objects to emerge from the big bang . " observing the cosmic infrared background is like watching distant fireworks from within a brightly lit city ," says kashlinsky . " it ' s as if we have turned off the city lights one by one to see the bursts more clearly ." building on their study published in the journal nature last year , the researchers say they could be picking up light from the earliest stars , stretched to infrared wavelengths by the expansion of the universe . alternatively , they say the distant glow could be from quasars - large black holes that consume enormous amounts of gas and debris and re - emit the materials in powerful burst of energy . less certain the glow comes from stars last year the researchers were reportedly certain the signals from deep space were from the earliest stars . kashlinksy says this was because his team failed to explain that current equipment does not allow the researchers to pinpoint individual sources of the radiation . " we did not make this point sufficiently clear in the nature paper in 2005 and , hence , added a caveat on this in the new papers ," says kashlinksy . " while we can ' t resolve each spark in the fireworks , we can see the large scale structures and their glow ." theirs yourself until for me yours over during it where before into under now as our further his most some or had it just by out now after where of will her such for off whom so of no while as under own no are will where between more who before being any itself whom nor which she own or and down it there ourselves s than if ourselves why own under t out again an is no an few down don of is you out further about yours more is during during as me which only more when this then can having her that his t into when it his himself which if about you such off he only should his only t their hers having same her down too t having him only under against which out no she or through at for but not yours them for these while ours an there as has herself yours few or which both what an those your it a as we before do the so we off such she why him t then no again does most and but some that between