Iraq will still buy Aust wheat, Vaile says
Trade Minister Mark Vaile has confirmed Iraq will continue to buy Australian wheat but not from current exporter AWB, which is facing claims it paid kickbacks to Saddam Hussein.
But according to grains analysts Australian growers could stay shut out of Iraq until August.
While some grain exporters have already lodged applications to export to Iraq, grains analyst Lloyd George says the next Iraq wheat tender may not by for another four months.
"Not having access to Iraq for maybe 60 per cent of the year would be significant," he said.
But following his mission to Baghdad, Mr Vaile says Iraq could be ready to take as much as 350,000 tons of wheat a month, but cannot confirm any deal or when it may start.
"There will be further tenders coming up in the short term, we need to look at what mechanisms need to be deployed in the meantime to get our wheat growers access to that," he said.
Meanwhile representatives from grain companies ABB Grain, CBH and Graincorp are meeting with federal politicians today.
Western Australian Liberal Wilson Tuckey has organised the meeting to allow MPs to meet alternative grain traders and learn more about the grains industry.
ABB's managing director Michael Iwaniw says while his company is not advocating change to the wheat single desk, it is ready to take advantage of it.
"If, and I stress if, the legislation were to change and if there were opportunities, and if perhaps we could assist in the marketing of wheat for the benefit of Australian growers then we will certainly look at it," he said.
A lecturer in business strategy at Melbourne Business School says grain growers would be better off without a single desk.
Professor Paul Kerin says the oil-for-food inquiry justifies the need to introduce free competition, and let alternative exporters to enter the market.
Professor Kerin says the ability to spread risk is the key for growers.
"Under free competition, growers have a choice and if one of those traders messes up, then it's not so much of a problem for growers because they can change to another trader," he said.
"In fact, growers should have the right to punish a trader if they really mess up, and so growers will be better off.