ABARE Outlook 2006 conference
Today's National Rural News was broadcast live from the ABARE Outlook conference in Canberra.
Matt O'Sullivan: "The Bureau of Agriculture and Resource Economics is taking its best shot at predicting what's going to happen in the farming and mining sectors over the next 12 months. It's fairly good news so far, depending on how you look at it, because it appears there won't be too many nasty surprises for the nation's farmers this year. James Martin has been talking to ABARE to get the latest, what's the story James?"
James Martin: "Matt, I don't usually like using the word normal when it comes to forecasting, but this is as normal an outlook as what I can remember. It's a story of continuing to build after drought, but with that predictable warning that without greater improvement in world trade conditions, the terms of trade for farmers are really going to squeeze. ABARE tells us though that perhaps more of the same is not necessarily a bad thing. His morning, for instance, it's telling us that the grain harvest for 05-06 is the second highest on record. We've also seen, of course, good movement of beef into Japan, and we're even seeing some rebound in the wool price as well."
Matt O'Sullivan: "So it seems that there is going to be higher production in many areas in the time ahead. Is that going to translate to more money in farmers' pockets?"
James Martin: "Not necessarily. Overall we're seeing export earnings at a record $134b, that's including minerals and energy. Now in the farm sector alone, those export earnings are tipped at $29.6b in 06-07, so that's up 6 per cent on last year. But the warning is commodity prices are going to decline across many areas, so while we have increased production pushing up export earnings from wheat, rice, barley, sugar, wine, lamb, live exports and dairy, we also have prices for many items falling. Overall, ABARE says commodity prices in the ag sector will fall by about 1.7 per cent, following a rise in 05-06 of about 1.4 per cent. So the bottom line I suppose, the net value of farm production, will actually fall to around $6b in 06-07. That's down 6 per cent."
Matt O'Sullivan: "What about the economic picture being painted by ABARE's chief, Brian Fisher?"
James Martin: "Economic growth should continue at about 4 per cent, which it has been doing over the last 12 months or so. There has been talk of that "super-commodities cycle" which is helping growth in the minerals and energy sector actually cascading into agriculture. The message from Dr Fisher though is that won't happen:"
"There have been people talking about the notion that we've got a super commodities cycle that a whole lot of the action that we've seen in minerals and energy will then cascade into agriculture. I think frankly that's a bit simplistic. A lot of the story in the case of agriculture is on the supply side. We are as I said before seeing a good strong demand, but in the case of agriculture, it's both a demand and supply story".
"Brian Fisher also says that farm costs, things like fertiliser and fuel, will actually increase by about one per cent. Now on oil, the benchmark for oil prices, that's West Texas Intermediate Crude, that'll stay high in the near term, but over the medium term, down from the current 65 dollars a barrel down below $40 a barrel by 2010. On the dollar, a moderate depreciation, around US73c for 06-07, continuing down though by 2010-11. That's a long way ahead, but Brian Fisher's saying perhaps around US65c for the Australian dollar."
Alan Oster (National Australia Bank): "We think the Aussie dollar is probably going to get down to the levels that ABARE's talking about, except that we think it's going to come down a lot quicker. So we expect something like 68c by this time next year."
Matt O'Sullivan: "And that's going to have a big impact on exports?"
James Martin: "It clearly helps in some senses, in the sense that it means you're more competitive, but if you're on the import side, the oil price goes down in US dollars, but it really doesn't go down at all."
Matt O'Sullivan: "Now I don't think you've got very good news about rural commodity prices?"
James Martin: "Again part of this is that we have a faster fall in the currency, is that in our view, when we look at US dollar agricultural prices, we're down around ten per cent. Now part of that is beef, which has come off really high levels, and we think sugar eventually will start to slow down as well. So we're expecting prices to come back, and the volumes broadly to offset that, so you get those different effects coming through.
Matt O'Sullivan: "So that might be a faster impact than what ABARE's predicting?"
James Martin: "Yes."
Matt O'Sullivan: "You've also been talking about continuing concerns about the labour shortage, particularly skilled labour?"
James Martin: "Yes, when we run our business surveys we find it is very difficult, in fact, even in December this year, it's more difficult according to business to get suitable labour than any time, including the late 80s."
Matt O'Sullivan: "So the concern is always, will that show up in wages?"
James Martin: "At this stage, the good news is nothing's happened. That's why the Reserve Bank is still talking about if we're going to move rates it's more likely up than down. At the end of the day, our view on rates will be, they won't do anything, but the wages one is critical, and if they see any signs of wage pressures starting to move up, then they will pull the trigger."
Matt O'Sullivan: "Will the importation of labour be likely to hold off wage increases?"
James Martin: "To the extent that you can take some pressure off by increasing the level of immigration, that clearly does help. And in the rural sector we know about difficulties of getting people in to help with crops, so it helps there. But at the end of the day, I think yes, there's an element of that, but I think also the domestic part of the economy is really starting to slow a bit as well, so I think unemployment's going to go from 5.2, 5.3 up to about 5.7, 5.8, and that will help. So I think the fact is that within the economy as such, you're probably not going to have to do anything."
Matthew O'Sullivan: "Around Australia, you're listening to a special broadcast of National Rural News from the ABARE Outlook Conference in Canberra.
"Well, the Federal Agriculture Minister Peter McGauran told the conference this morning that the NFF and the government aren't in total agreement about imported workers being a solution to the labour shortage, but certainly agreed there is a problem.
"John Roach joins us now, he's the chief executive of vegetable grower group Ausveg, John is this a critical issue for the horticulture industry?"
John Roach: "I think not only critical to the horticulture industry, it's critical to rural Australia, and I'd probably go so far as to say that rural Australia's undergoing significant change in its labour content that it will require, particularly in the next five to 10 years."
Matthew O'Sullivan: "What about these guest worker schemes? Are they having an impact in your sector?"
John Roach: "If I look at other countries, yes it does. If I look at New Zealand, part of the horticulture industry in New Zealand does use what I call cheaper labour. What they're doing there is bringing it it in, upskilling it there, and sending it back to those countries as part of their aid projects, for example. We in Australia don't have that opportunity at the moment, but if I look at the farm unit in itself, as vegetable growers, much of the innovation happens on small to medium farm businesses. It's not the big end of town in vegetable production. So that area is where the innovation happens. You'd require less labour in that, but you'd need more specialised labour.
Matthew O'Sullivan: "Is there a need to protect smaller farmers in the future?"
John Roach: "It's more about going to informed choice. The vegetable industry in particular will segment itself into three areas. One is larger production, larger farms, working on lowering costs. The middle section is about innovation, smaller farm units being out there on the cutting edge. The last third of the industry produces about five per cent of production. I think providing informed choice for that sector, of what they actually do with their lives and their farms and their assets, I think it's really important for Australia on social content to be able to allow those people to make informed choice about whether they wish to grow, or not grow and depart."
Matthew O'Sullivan: "We've also heard a lot over the past few years about the significant of China to the global economy, and Australian agriculture. Reporter Sally Davison has been looking at the impact of China on the world economy. Sal, this week is critical in terms of China's future in the global market?"
Sally Davison: "That's right, the National People's Congress is releasing its five year plan, a blueprint for national policy makers. This will affect everything from urbanisation, migration into major cities, to unemployment. But Yiping Hup from Asia CitiGroup says the energy sector will be most affect by these changes. The Chinese Government has said it wants to increase energy efficiency by 20 per cent in the next 20 years, by focussing on environmentally friendly industries. So the international energy sector is eagerly awaiting the release of the Chinese Government's five-year plan."