Growers count cost of cyclone Larry
Far north Queensland's horticulture industry has been almost wiped out by cyclone Larry.
The Category 5 cyclone has caused hundreds of millions of dollars damage to sugar and banana crops, along with the rest of the farming sector.
Ninety per cent of Australia's bananas come out of the Innisfail and Tully regions; at this stage most of the industry looks to have been lost.
Jan Davis from horticulture's representative group Growcom says the damage looks worse than anticipated.
"Avocados are in the middle of harvest and probably 70 to 80 per cent of that crop's gone. We've got significant damage reports coming in from tropical fruit. Very, very serious damage right across the sector," she said.
Sugar cane along the coast from Tully to Cairns also copped the blow of the cyclone, with most of the Innisfail crop which faced 290 kilometre winds destroyed.
The cyclone will have huge ramifications for jobs and local businesses in the affected districts, which heavily rely on the two crops that used to dominate the landscape: sugar and bananas.
There have been calls for the State Government to help out with compensation.
It says it is still assessing the damages.
Those heavy losses in the far north are expected to drive the price of bananas to above $40 a carton, or between $5 and $6 a kilo.
But Tony Heidrich from the Australian Banana Growers Council is concerned about how growers in far north Queensland will rebuild.
"If growers aren't making any money, they can't afford to keep staff above those which are essential to getting the farm back into production," he said.
"And the question is as far as key people go, key employees, if you do have to let some of those go, whether they come back again."
Remote cattle stations in the Gulf of Carpentaria are apprehensive over what Cyclone Larry may bring to the already water-logged region.
Stuart Zlotkowski of Wollogorang Station, says he is relieved to have turned off cattle months in advance.
In the metric scale, the station has had around 768 millimetres of rain this month, which is by far the wettest March on record and the second wettest of any month ever in about 28 years of recorded weather statistics.