Govt won't allow banana imports
The Federal Government says it will not relax quarantine import restrictions for bananas following the destruction of Queensland's crop by cyclone Larry.
Agriculture Minister Peter McGauran says the current supply of local bananas is expected to run out within the next few days.
But he says reducing biosecurity checks to import bananas to meet the shortfall would hurt Queensland growers.
"We will not compromise the science to meet a short term shortage on the domestic market," he said.
"Moreover this would be the worst thing possible for the devastated banana industry that bananas came in from overseas on a faulty or hastily decided science."
Banana growers at Carnarvon, in Western Australia, say they will not bow to pressure to send fruit to the eastern states to fill the gap.
WA representative on the Australian Banana Growers Council Tom Day says they will continue to supply local markets.
"Whilst we sympathise with the people in the east there are are some bananas in New South Wales and there are still a few in Queensland," he said.
"We've got our markets in Western Australia, that's always traditionally been our market and we've got some very faithful buyers there and we want to stick with those people and help the east if we possibly can.
A new report raises doubts over the ability of the National Water Initiative (NWI) to solve the water crisis and deliver infrastructure reform.
But it says reforming rural and urban water infrastructure could add between $6 billion and $8 billion a year to the economy.
One year since conducting its first review of infrastructure policy, the Business Council of Australia (BCA) says the National Water Initiative is lacking urgency and clear direction.
The BCA found of all areas reviewed like energy and transport, only water policy did not see significant progress.
Backing comments from former deputy prime minister John Anderson, it says the NWI is missing targets, like the creation of a national water trading market and finding more barriers than solutions.
The BCA's Maria Tarrant says the organisation has given the Council of Australian Governments until the end of the year to reinvigorate the National Water Initiative and further develop water trading.