Wine grapes oversupply to impact on company profits
The global oversupply of wine grapes is starting to hurt the industry's big companies.
The world's largest wine business, Constellation, is tipped to announce a lower than expected profit to the New York Stock Exchange later this week.
US wine industry forecaster John Fredrickson says the global market is in a down phase, particularly for countries producing cheap bulk wine.
But he says in Australia, the answer is not in growing fewer grapes.
"You start to talk about pulling grapes, well that is really drastic, that means you have some other alternative and I don't think it is going to be any huge percentage of vineyards that run into that kind of extreme difficulty," he said.
Meanwhile a new research program for the wine industry will develop new export markets and create wine to suit specific tastes.
The Grape and Wine Research Development Corporation is using federal funds to investigate the wine tastes of consumers in countries like China, India, Eastern Europe and South America.
Professor of wine marketing at the University of South Australia, Larry Lockshin, says packaging, labelling, pricing and wine styles will also be considered.
"We're not going to come up with an answer that says, 'this is the wine for China'," he said.
"We're going to come out with the same thing scientists have come out with.
"This is, these are yeasts and these are the flavours they produce, these are pruning and canopy training techniques, this is what they do to your tannin levels.
"We're going to develop a method. Companies will then be able to decide whether they want to use it to develop wines for their own brands that suit different markets."
And the Victorian Farmers Federation wants better regulation of tax incentive schemes to stop oversupply problems.
President Simon Ramsay says the schemes have contributed to over-investment in vineyards, leading to an oversupply of wine grapes.
He says in south-west Victoria tax incentives for timber plantation investors seem to have affected normal competition for land.
"What we don't want to see is good traditional agricultural farming land being turned into plantations that have a sort-of unclear 12 year profit period where we are not allowing the food and fibre production to continue for generations," he said.