New plan calls for changes to single desk wheat exports
AWB would lose control of the single desk for wheat exports and its power to stop rival companies from exporting wheat, under a new plan released at Grains Week.
The report, prepared for the Grains Council, also calls for the Wheat Export Authority to be replaced with a grower-owned licensing and marketing body called Australian Wheat Associates.
Report author Colin Benjamin says the Cole inquiry shows the wheat export system is failing and growers risk losing control of their sector unless they accept major changes.
"To get into a global competitive game you've got to be playing in the league of your competitor and you've got to be strategic," he said.
"US Wheat Associates has been the long term major league champion fighting us which we have successfully beaten to a pulp over the decade, we now have to be seen as fighting on a level playing field, prior to the Doha Round because if we don't, we will have it imposed upon us."
The Grains Council says Australian Wheat Associates would be modelled on industry bodies for the meat and dairy sectors.
The Council says that would give AWB's current veto powers to growers, along with its responsibility to market and promote Australian wheat.
Chairman Murray Jones says if the changes are adopted, they will be implemented over three years.
"The last thing growers want is to have an abrupt change," he said.
"It just can not happen. It's just not going to work, it will affect our financial system, growers want security and planning, they want to know their finances are secure, they want to be assured they're going to get their payments, they want to have a transparent system they can see through. That's what they're asking for."
Meanwhile five US farm state senators have asked the Bush administration to investigate AWB payments to former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein.
The group also wants AWB sanctioned if it is found to have violated US trade law or World Trade Organisation (WTO) rules.
The senators cite the findings of a UN audit of AWB, which found it paid some $220 million in alleged kickbacks to secure wheat contracts through the UN oil-for-food program.
Top Senate Agriculture Committee Democrat Tom Harkin's spokesman Dave Townsend says US farmers should not have to compete with foreign governments in trade.
"It's clear that there were gross violations of the UN oil-for-food program by the Australian Wheat Board and we feel that the US Government needs to make a determination whether the law was broken," he said.