NFF seeks regional road and rail spending commitments
Farmers are calling for regional roads and rail spending to come before further investment in the Future Fund when Federal Treasurer Peter Costello hands down the Budget tomorrow night.
The fund is designed to cover future superannuation payments to public servants.
The National Farmers Federation (NFF) is warning the Government against boosting investment in the Future Fund and adding to the surplus, at the expense of infrastructure spending and tax reform.
Chief executive Ben Fargher says the Government must commit to lifting the standard of grain rail lines in New South Wales and Victoria.
And he is calling for basic all weather road access to farms and the sealing of all designated arterial roads by 2013.
"Farmers need to actually get the produce from to the farm to the National Highway in the first place," he said.
Mr Costello is already talking up big money for regional roads and rail, with spending expected to be in excess of a billion dollars.
"Better transport means a better economy with a higher speed limit for growth," he said.
The Government is also hinting at capital gains tax reform, which should help succession planning for farmers.
Meanwhile transport operators in the Northern Territory are looking for funding in the Budget to improve remote roads.
For the past fortnight 60 road trains have been unable to cross the Victoria River, west of Katherine, due to damage caused to Highway One by flooding.
The delay is estimated to have caused the industry at least $7 million, with weight restrictions only lifted at the weekend to allow single trailers through.
Scott Van-Loom of Shaw's Darwin Transport wants to see remote road funding announced tomorrow night.
"It has been the longest [delay] for a number of years. It was two weeks, which just put Darwin in chaos from Perth," he said.
"We had seven road trains there, there was a total of 60 waiting in Kununurra to get through. That was coming north, coming south there was probably about 40 road trains waiting on this side.