Two in running for peak farm job
Australia's top job in agripolitics will be contested for the first time in four years, with Peter Corish set to step down as president of the National Farmers Federation.
NFF trade representative Allan Burgess and former Meat and Livestock Australia chairman David Crombie have nominated for the key post.
Mr Corish will not comment on speculation he will contest the seat of Gwydir in the next election, which will be vacated by former deputy prime minister John Anderson.
He says water reform and more money for rural telecommunications have been major achievements during his presidency.
"The National Water Initiative I think is a key opportunity that we've locked in while I've been NFF president," he said.
"We've made significant progress in the area of workplace reform, we have locked in significant funding for rural Australia in regard to telecommunications, and I've enjoyed my time immensely over the four years."
Board elections will be held at the next NFF annual general meeting on June 14 and 15.
Meanwhile former executive director of the NFF, Rick Farley has died.
Mr Farley was making a slow recovery after a stroke, but died from injuries he received after falling from a wheelchair outside Sydney's Balmain Hospital at the weekend.
In the mid-70s Rick Farley became the first executive director of the newly formed Cattlemen's Union (CU) in Queensland.
With a background in the arts, time spent in the hippy capital of Nimbin and a job with Labor health spokesperson Doug Everingham, Mr Farley was not an obvous choice to head up the organisation, most of whose members were staunch National Party supporters.
But from his days in Rockhampton with the CU, the farmers' rally in 1985 in Canberra, the foundation of the Landcare moverment in the late 80s and then the native title debate in the 90s Rick Farley was a smart political operator, In Canberra he cut a distinctive character in moleskins, boots and Akubra and as Cattlemen's first preisident Sir Grahman McCamley says he was an extremely effective lobbyist on behalf of the farm sector.