Cool reaction to Qld water plan
The Queensland Government is looking to buy two large cotton properties in the state's south-west to return water to the Murray-Darling Basin.
The buy-up is expected to cost up to $60 million and deliver 58,000 megalitres of water a year over the New South Wales border.
The Federal Government rejected a similar proposal four years ago to purchase the huge Cubbie Station.
Grazier Pot Peterson is among New South Wales landholders who have been critical of the amount of water Queensland irrigators take out of the Condamine-Balonne river system, and says this plan will not be very beneficial.
"I'm not saying that they shouldn't purchase it, but I just think it would be far more beneficial if they purchased something upstream that would have a big affect on us, because really the water virtually stops at Cubbie," he said.
"As we saw in the 2004 flood they did have a big flood at St George but we didn't get any of it here."
The plan will be out to the Murray-Darling Ministerial Council meeting in Melbourne on Friday.
Meanwhile the Cubbie Group, which runs Cubbie Station, has slammed calls by the New South Wales Government for its water allocation to be reduced.
The station can store 500,000 megalitres of water for its cotton-growing operation, and graziers south of the border complain they are being starved of crucial flood water flows.
But joint managing director John Grabbe says New South Wales should fix up evaporation losses in the Menindee Lakes in the state's west, before attacking Queensland's science-based water allocations.
"Oh get your own house in order, but let's be fair dinkum, not just throw stones at each other, but let's be fair dinkum," he said.
"I mean, water is too valuable a resource to be going up into the air in shallow storage systems. Now we don't do it at Cubbie, and I implore the southern states to seriously look at their storage systems.
Federal Agricultural Minister Peter McGauran says the CSIRO is scare-mongering, with a report calling for bigger environmental flows for the Murray River.
An extra 500 gigalitres has already been committed to the Murray, but the scientific body says up to five times more will be needed to restore the river's health.
Despite criticising that finding, Mr McGauran acknowledges progress has been slow on the Living Murray Initiative, and says the report will be considered.