Govt urged to protect local ethanol industry
The ethanol industry says it will be devastated by a Federal Government proposal to allow cheap imports into Australia.
Legislation table in Parliament calls for the excise on imported ethanol to be reduced by 2011 to the same rate as locally-produced biofuel.
It also outlines a planned increase in taxes for Australian-made ethanol from 2.5 cents a litre to 12.5 cents.
Bob Gordon from Renewable Fuels Australia says the Government should do more to protect the local industry.
"Unlike other countries we are going to be one of the first countries in the world to actually tax renewable fuels," he said.
"Now we're prepared to live with that but we want a regime for transition that stimulates new industry growth rather than undermining it.
"The one proposed in the tax Bill will clearly undermine that goal."
Resources Minister Ian Macfarlane has denied the claims.
He says ethanol will still have an excise advantage over petrol and the industry has had years to prepare for the changes.
Meanwhile the Federal Government has decided to phase in its changes to the diesel fuel rebate, to give farmers and transport operators time to adjust.
The plan will replace cash payments to farmers with a refund added to GST rebates and was due to be implemented on July 1.
But now, during a two-year transition period, farmers will be able to claim their rebate, but will also have to report it in business activity statements.
South Australian farmer Doug Hall says that will make the system more complicated.
"I just don't see it being any easier at all, it just doesn't make sense to me so why are they playing around with this you know, who is the winner at the end of the day?" he said.
"I'm certainly not sure it's the farmer, it's the damn Government again."
The renewable energy industry wants a national incentive-based market to encourage consumers to use cleaner fuel.
It has released a report looking at development to 2050, in which renewable energy will be cheaper, have high export potential and provides a clean and cheap solution to climate change and energy shortages.
David Holland from Renewable Energy Generators Australia says the Federal Government should extend tax breaks to get the technology up and running.
"The technologies will always be more expensive than the old process of pulling coal out of the ground and setting fire to it," he said.
"The environment is a critical issue not just for Australia but for the planet and really the governments are the only people that are in the position to take that leadership but there needs to be some systemic processes that drive the move towards renewables."
The Government has rejected the call, saying hundreds of millions of dollars have already been allocated to renewable energy generation.