Rural Australians honoured for Queen's Birthday
Rural Australians have been well represented in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
A well-known grazier from north-west Queensland says he is surprised at being named a Member of the Order of Australia.
Former National Party president Don Mcdonald from "Devoncourt Station" near Cloncurry has been recognised for his services to regional health, agriculture, infrastructure and politics.
"I'm delighted to have received it, I'm just in total disbelief that this sort of thing would happen because I don't see myself as having done anything more than so many other people who live in the bush do, you know, to help their communities," he said.
Fellow former Nationals president, Helen Dickie has also been named a Member of the Order of Australia.
Being awarded a Medal in the Order of Australia has not silenced Victorian dairy farmer Ann Jarvis in her criticism of the Federal Government's user-pays higher education policy.
Mrs Jarvis was awarded for her service to education, the dairying industry, women in agriculture and the community of the Kiewa Valley.
She says the Federal Government has a moral obligation to put more money into tertiary education.
"I think that we've forced our rural children away from universities in the last 10 years," she said.
"The cost to attend university is enormous. I dont' believe that brains necessarily only belong to city people. I think there is a great deal of intellectual brain drain from country areas because people can't afford to avail themselves of tertiary level education."
Broken Hill Identity, "Brushman of the Bush" and well known former ABC TV outback adventurer Jack Absalom received an Order of Australia for services to painting and charitable works.
Winemakers are also feature prominently, with honours going to South Australia's Brian Barry and the Hunter Valley's Bruce Tyrrell, who believes the industry will turn around.
"Oh yeah it's amazing you know, you go from being the darling to the devil," he said.
"The Australian wine industry is copping a heap of bad press at the moment, but behind that is still this phenomenol growth.