Wheat trade with Iraq to continue: Howard
Wheat Australia, which is yet to ship 350,000 tonnes of wheat to Iraq, is watching events in the Middle East closely, after the Iraqi Trade Minister threatened to stop all deals between the two countries.
Abdul Falah al-Sudany threatened to cut trade ties after the shooting of a bodyguard from his ministry by Australian soldiers earlier this week.
But following diplomatic talks overnight, Prime Minister John Howard has told Channel Nine he does not expect Australia's wheat trade to be affected.
"I can tell you that the Iraqi Trade Minister saw the Australian ambassador and the Iraqi Trade Minister told our ambassador that he did not want this incident to interfere with the bilateral relationship or to affect our trade relationship," he said.
Meanwhile, the Western Australian Farmers Federation denies it is withdrawing support for AWB's wheat export monopoly.
Federation senior vice-president, Robert Doney, yesterday suggested in a national newspaper interview that the veto power should be removed from AWB's single desk.
But grains president Ray Marshall has described the comments as a "naive indiscretion", and denies any split on the issue.
"Always when you have 17 people sitting around a table you will have differing opinions," he said.
"I believe at this moment whilst policy is very clear, we're at the status quo until such time that the Cole Inquiry comes out and we're very clear about our views.
Meanwhile, Australia is not alone in suffering wheat crop losses this year from drought.
The US crop continues to decline in quality, as well as quantity, amid persistent heat and drought.
The US wheat crop is already forecast off 14 per cent from the last marketing year, and dry conditions are also taking a toll on the quality of what's left.
Brad Rippey is a US Agriculture Department meteorologist and says the winter wheat crop is rated 29 per cent which is good to excellent.
"But a very large 46 per cent is very poor to poor," he said.