Suspension of trade talks costing farmers
The National Farmers Federation (NFF) says the overnight suspension of world trade talks has cost Australian farmers $1.5 billion in potential new markets.
The G6 group of nations including Australia, Japan, the US and European Union failed to resolve five years of discussions about agricultural trade reform.
Scott Mitchell from the NFF says the US failed to agree to further subsidy cuts, while Europe would not drop its import barriers.
"All Australian agricultural industries are extremely disappointed at the suspension of the WTO [World Trade Organisation] negotiations overnight," Mr Mitchell said.
"This is a huge lost opportunity for Australian farmers to lock in the elimination of export subsidies, to lock in significant cuts in agricultural subsidies being spent around the world and to lock in actual improvements in market access."
Meanwhile Nationals leader Mark Vaile has played down speculation that he will now hand the trade portfolio over to Federal Agriculture Minister Peter McGauran.
"I think that there's still a lot more that can be done, as we've got quite a busy agenda on the bi-lateral front with negotiations well under way with China and Malaysia and the ASEAN [South East Asian Nations] countries and I'm certainly keen to pursue those," Mr Vaile said.
US farmers say they will fight to retain their current level of subsidies, now that the trade talks have stalled.
Lobby group, the US Farm Bureau, says farmers are not prepared to give ground until Europe offers more concessions.
The group's spokesman, Chris Garza, says internal debate will now begin on the next US farm bill due next year, and farmers will attempt to lock in subsidies.
"What we've seen is, as these negotiations have gone on countries like the European Union has requested more and more from the United States to give up," Mr Garza said.
"We feel as an organisation that there's no reason to give up anything at this point. which means we should not make any changes to our farm bill so that when these negotiations do begin again, we're still where we were before, and we still have something to give up if we have to give something up."
America's top trade official says the collapse of global trade talks means the US presidential trade deal authority will now likely expire, before any WTO deal can be saved and sent to the US Congress.
There has been a US push to complete a new world trade deal this year leaving enough time for the US Congress to ratify it before the presidential trade deal authority expires next July, when the body could again amend any deal possibly killing it.
US trade ambassador Susan Schwab says the worst will now likely happen.
"We do not expect to be able to use the current TPA [US Trade Promotion Authority] to enact a Doha Round agreement, if and when one comes together," Ms Schwab said.