Live at the Agriculture Australia 2006 conference
Matt O'Sullivan brings you National Rural News today live from the Agriculture Australia conference in Sydney.
MATTHEW O'SULLIVAN: Hello, I'm Matt O'Sullivan, bringing you National Rural News today from the Agriculture Australia conference in Sydney, the peak gathering for the grains industry.
As you'd expect the future of the single desk for wheat exports is a hot topic, and confusion seems to be the common theme.
The future of GM crops is also being debated today and, of course, there's plenty of speculation about whether we'll actually get a decent grain harvest this season - as the ongoing dry drags on, many parts of Australia desperately need follow up rains.
But everybody seems to be talking about alternative fuels, with crude oil prices hitting new highs this week. Delegates believe it's time the Federal Government offered new incentives to make the switch to ethanol and biodiesel.
DELEGATE: "I think there is such an abundance of energy in Australia, you know, they're not very worried about it. They might as well just sit on their arse and not worry about it."
DELEGATE: "We're not getting any results at all with the biofuel. The Government's just not interested to mandate it, and this is not actually going to get off the ground until it's actually mandated, so it's really up to the Government."
DELEGATE: "This issue is now on the table, it's here. And we can't afford to be sitting in here in three years' time not really knowing where we'll be and not picking up on the advantage that is there right now."
DELEGATE: "I fully support the biofuel concept in industry. I disagree with the fact that they'll be getting an excise and I want a level playing field in terms of acquisition of raw material."
MOS: Certainly, there's a feeling that the Government needs to do more, and the grains industry needs to do more as well to get on the front foot and make sure that grain growers have a big slice of this market for grain. There does seem to be a concern that Australia is a long way behind other countries in tapping into the ethanol and biodiesel markets. One of the speakers here today is Terry Reinhart from Advance Trading in the US. Thanks for joining us, can you give us an idea of the industry in the US?
TERRY REINHART: Today, it's about a 4.2 billion gallon industry, which compares to five years ago when it was about a 1 billion gallon industry, and projections are that by 2010 it'll be a 10 billion gallon industry.
MOS: So does a country like Australia have a long way to go to try and catch up to that? Can we catch up to that?
TR: The good news about ethanol is it's a 3000-year-old process by which you take corn and distil it into ethanol, so it's not real rocket science, and if you have the money it's fairly quick to build. You can build a 100 million gallon plant in 15 to 16 months, so it's not like it takes 20 years to develop this thing.
MOS: One of the big concerns here is from end users of feed grain, that it'll be much more expensive and it'll be harder to get access to that grain. How is the corn going into ethanol in the US affected the market there?
TR: To date, there hasn't been any effect on the end user, because corn is still relatively cheap. Today in the US we're over supplied with corn, which is one of the motivators to develop ethanol as a demand for corn, but down the road, as we continue to increase their production, we're going to have to price corn as fuel as opposed to pricing corn as food and the livestock producer is concerned greatly in the US also.
MOS: That, I think, is going to be a growing theme, isn't it, that you have more and more different types of grain going into producing fuel and into producing food, when that's a big issue?
TR: Yeah, it's a big issue, and you can kind of sum up the whole thing if you go back to, I think it was 1998, one barrel of crude would buy 4.7 bushels of corn and today one barrel of crude would buy 30 bushels of corn, so the price relationship strongly favours corn as a fuel as opposed to being a food.
MOS: In terms of the US industry, here in Australia we've got a lot of different plants setting up in small operations. There's no sort of overall structure. Is that going to tell against Australia in the long run?
TR: I don't know. In the US, there's not much structure at this point either. The early people in the ethanol industry were the Cargills and the ADMs of the world. They've been making ethanol for quite some time, but all the new capacity or much of the new capacity is small start-up operations, groups of farmers going together investing in ethanol plants and there's not much organisation today to all the ethanol plants that are out there and time will tell. My guess is some of these plants are built in the right place and some of them aren't, and we'll just have to see over time which ones were built in the right place.
MOS: I see a story quoting Sir Richard Branson saying he's investing in ethanol plants in the US. Are they starting to attract that big business investment?
TR: Yes. Early on, four or five years ago, capital was a problem and you just worked and worked and worked to try and find enough money to build an ethanol plant. To put it in perspective, to build a 100 million gallon plant - which is the one they're building now - it takes about $170 million to build that plant. Whereas five or 10 years ago it was terribly difficult to raise that money, today you're hearing stories of people raising that kind of money in 30 and 60 day periods.
MOS: So there's reason for farmers getting involved in this to have some hope that it will take-off?
TR: In the US, I'd say it has taken off, it really has. And the limiting resource in the US right now is plant capacity. And if we build all the plants that are on the drawing board today, the limiting resource is soon going to become farmland, enough land to produce enough corn to feed the ethanol plants.
MOS: Thanks for your time, Terry Reinhart from Advance Trading in the US.
You're listening to a special broadcast of National Rural News from the Agriculture Australia conference in Sydney.
Of course, alternative fuels hasn't been the only item on the agenda here - an entire session has been devoted to the future of the single desk for wheat exports in the aftermath of the oil-for-food Inquiry.
Reporter Alice Plate sat in on the session - and Alice, what's the feeling about the future of our wheat export system?
ALICE PLACE: Well the feeling has actually changed a bit. In the past, many growers, I think, have tried to separate the single desk issue, that is, AWB's right to veto other exporters' applications to sell wheat overseas, from the ongoing oil-for-food inquiry. And yesterday, at the panel, many of the growers groups admitted that change is now inevitable.
MOS: They're unsure though about what sort of system they want for the future, is that right?
AP: That's right. Looking at the single desk marketing system, it's not simple, by anyone's analysis of it. Breaking it down, you've got on one side the traders, other major competitors - CBH, Graincorp, and the like - all trying to get into that market, saying that they can give growers better returns. And AWB, on the other hand, is saying that it can maximise returns for growers and give them security. But the Grains Council of Australia, which represents state-based grower bodies, says that the majority of growers don't want a change from what they've got. They want AWB to stay there. They want the single desk. On the other hand, the Grain Growers Association, which is east coast grain growers, says growers do want to know more about their options, that they are really starting to question the current system.
MOS: So are they looking for more leadership from the grains bodies?
AP: That's right. We did have a grower stand up yesterday and say, "Why aren't you putting forward options and recommending those to us?" And we have seen the Grains Council of Australia, they have done independent reports, also they've looked at the Victorian Farmers Federation's option for the single desk, but they're saying they're unwilling to analyse and make those recommendations until the Cole inquiry wraps up in September.
MOS: Thanks Alice. Speaking of the inquiry, AWB has told the Federal Court today it will cut by a third the number of documents it's battling to keep away from the Cole inquiry. Lawyers for the wheat exporter have told the court that nearly 400 documents will be struck from the confidential list, leaving 900 still to be contested. And that hearing is continuing in Melbourne.
Here at the conference, reporter Michael Condon has been in one of the GM sessions. What has been discussed?
MICHAEL CONDON: One of the contentious issues surrounding the grains industry always is genetically modified crops, particularly food crops. Today we've heard a couple of distinct points of view expressed. We heard from the the director of scientific affairs for Monsanto. He's actually addressing the conference as we speak now. Bit of a coup for the conference.
He's come from the United States saying that he knows that farmers already support GM crops. He says they get better yields. They use fewer chemicals. They have higher initial seed costs, but those are easily recouped. He's saying thatHe's saying that farmers are in favour. He does concede, though, that there is a bit of a way to go to convince consumers about eating the food that's made from g-m crops. Monsanto, of course, famously put their GM wheat on hold for the time being. He says there are no plans to change that.
But Mr Glick says he's got a strong feeling that consumers will soon be convinced. They'll come to the party, he says. They'll realise that g-m crops can do all sorts of things. They can put in special oils to reduce heart disease. They can have certain complex carbohydrates to combat diabetes, and g-m foods also have less exposure to chemicals in the growing process. So he says he thinks they will be convinced.
MOS: What about the food companies? What do they think about that?
MC: At this stage, George Weston Foods general manager was here as well. He was asked that question. He said at this stage consumers aren't ready. They'd prefer to see the segregation process remain. He was particularly relating to canola. Keep the oilseeds separate that are GM. The other, that's non-GM is used in food. But he said too that he thought that eventually consumers would change their attitudes, and it was up to industry and up to research to try and find ways of promoting health benefits in GM to consumers as well.
MOS: Thanks Michael, reporter Michael Condon here.