ACCC recommendations threaten phone rental parity
The cost of phone line rentals in regional Australia could rise dramatically if the Federal Government accepts new recommendations from the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC).
Telecommunications consultant Gavin Priestley says the ACCC has recommended a wholesale line rental of $7.00 a month for CBD customers, but $34 for major regional centres.
He says that means rental costs for lines in smaller communities could rise much higher.
"What it signals is the average of the access prices for telephones right across Australia is going to change and our worst fears potentially are going to be realised," he said.
"That is country people will not get parity and will pay more for access to their phone line.
"When the sale of Telstra was touted we were guaranteed that we would get parity of price and future proofing of the service. This is certainly not parity."
The National Farmers Federation (NFF) says it is concerned and seeking more detail from the Communications Minister.
But chief executive Ben Fargher says he is confident rural line rentals will remain capped, under what is says is an "iron clad" deal between the NFF and the Government.
The new national agreement to handle exotic pest and disease outbreaks is being questioned, after a decision to withdraw financial support for Queensland's attempts to control sugar cane smut.
The fungal disease, sugar cane smut, was first discovered in south-east Queensland just over two months ago and since then more than 50 properties have been put under quarantine, disrupting harvest and putting strict protocols on local growers.
As a signatory to the new Emergency Plant Pest Response Deed under Plant Health Australia, canegrowers were anticipating federal and state governments would pay 80 per cent of the $43 million emergency response plan.
But the National Management Group (NMG) voted against the proposal, suggesting the disease could not be eradicated or contained.
Isis Canegrowers chairman Joe Russo says the decision has shocked the cane growing community.
"It's no different from when you're told you first had smut, you're somewhat quite gutted to hear the response to what NMG have come down with," he said.