Wholesalers concerned about code of conduct exemptions
Vegetable growers are concerned that a new mandatory code of conduct for their industry does not cover supermarkets, processors or exporters.
The code is designed to provide greater transparency to growers when it comes to selling produce.
The office of Agriculture Minister Peter McGauran has today confirmed the exemptions and says the code will only apply to wholesalers.
Head of the Horticulture Australia Council Kris Newton says she can not believe it.
"That certainly hasn't been conveyed to us. We would be bitterly disappointed if that were the outcome and it's certainly not what we're looking for," she said.
"I haven't had that information from the Minister or the Minister's office so clearly we would need to talk with them and get a straight story about what's going on."
Wholesalers say they will take legal action if supermarket chains are not forced to comply with the mandatory code.
Andrew Young from the Central Markets Association says if the code is anti-competitive, they may take action through the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission.
He believes politics affected the decision.
"The Government had decided to work towards an enforceable voluntary code and then at the twelfth hour this major backflip," he said.
"So we can only speculate that the National party pursued an outcome and had their way at the end of the day."
Some growers and wholesalers in the horticulture sector are questioning the need for the code, which they fear will cost them money.
"We have some very strong relationships with our fruit and vegetable agents across Australia," Mark Boyd, general manager of Tropical Pines said.
"Those are very mature relationships and very open relationships that have been very successful for us.
"So we'll have to wait and see the detail of the code of conduct and actually wait to see how it will benefit us."
"I'm probably a little bit disappointed. It is going to add cost to our business and how we do business, it's hard to quantify exactly how much," Grant Nicholl, wholesaler business manager with Flavorite tomato marketing said.