Senate committee backs guest worker scheme rejection
A Senate inquiry has rejected farmers' arguments that Pacific islands guest workers should be allowed in to ease a national shortage of harvest labour.
The Senate committee's report supports the Federal Government's view that a new visa is not needed for seasonal farm workers.
Inquiry chairwoman Judith Troeth says extensive hearings suggested farmers could find Australian harvest labour if they paid better wages and offered adequate working conditions and accommodation.
"The guarantees that we were given that there would be suitable accommodation and enough work for labourers coming in Australia - the confidence there was probably misplaced," the Victorian Liberal Senator said.
"Experienced pickers who are Australian told us that it is often quite difficult to get a good wage on the present piece rate that exists."
The body representing fruit and vegetable growers in north-west Australia is furious about the inquiry's findings.
David McKerrell from the Kimberley Primary Industries Association says it is not pay and conditions that are putting workers off in Kununurra in north-west Western Australia, it is the heat.
He says many farmers in the district already pay above award wages but it is not helping.
Mr McKerrell wants the Federal Government to make exceptions to allow Pacific Islanders to work in hotter climates like the Kimberley.
"Up in Kununurra at present, when it's 38 degrees everyday, it's not pleasant working," he said.
"And if these people were around that Senator Troth says there are, surely they would be here.
"There's mangoes here dropping on the ground.
"There's no one available and they're not here, and the reason they're not here is because it's too hot.
"They're not acclimatised to it and that's the end of the story."
Isis Shire Mayor Bill Trevor gave evidence to the Senate Committee when it visited Queensland's fruit and vegetable growing Bundaberg and Childers region early this year.
He says the inquiry has hardly looked at the many barriers that farmers face in getting workers.
"There is a need within the farming community to be able to access labour and it's very, very difficult at times, especially in peak production periods, for farmers to pick up that extra labour," he said.
Meat and Livestock Australia (MLA) has launched a national advertising campaign to lift domestic beef sales by $300 million over the next three years.
The $2.8 million promotion will involve television, radio, newspaper and magazine advertisements starting from this Sunday.
MLA spokesman David Palmer says it has been seven years since beef has been promoted and it is important to keep consumers thinking about it.
"The ambition over a lengthy period through until 2009/2010 is to to increase the frequency of beef consumption from 2.3 meals to 2.6 meals per week," he said.
"There's a TV advertisement which is a bit quirky, a little bit of humour, that takes up back to the beginning of Australia, the beginning of white settlement in Australia.
"You know it's just a good story about beef and summer, and barbeques."
And as part of a new marketing plan for King Island beef, the product is now being used in gourmet meat pies sold at the supermarket.
Traditionally, only cuts such as eye fillet and porter house have attracted a premium price for the King Island brand.
Tasman Group marketing manager Lydia Horsburgh says the pies will open up the product to a wider group of shoppers.