Irrigators await summit decisions on Murray Darling
The Federal Government says it will decide in the next few weeks what action will be taken to help the ailing Murray Darling Basin.
It has been meeting with four state governments this morning to thrash out ways to salvage river system.
Federal Agriculture Minister Peter McGauran says if there is a repeat of this year's dry conditions there will be an extreme water crisis across the basin.
But he says the governments have not yet decided whether they will compulsorily buy back water rights from irrigators to shore up town water supplies.
"Those are the hard decisions that we will prepare for next year," he said.
"We still hope obviously the drought will break but if it doesn't then there are going to be difficult decisions and people need to be reassured that all governments are working together on this.
"We're going to take action on contingency planning, we'll commission a survey of towns and cities' water supply situations, what options are available to us."
The National Farmers Federation says rural towns should be made a priority when it comes to water distribution.
But chief executive Ben Fargher is worried the decision-makers will not take into consideration the huge investment irrigators make in their water allocations.
"We do want a process set up to make sure that we can protect our core breeding stock, which is our productive base," he said.
"How do we protect those permanent plantings, those crops like orchards and other plantings that take a long-long time to establish."
Meanwhile irrigators in southern New South Wales are anxiously waiting to hear if there will be further cuts to their current water allocations.
The New South Wales Department of Natural Resources has suspended trade in the Murray and Murrumbidgee valleys to assess how much water there is for irrigators.
The department's David Harriss says the review has been prompted by record low inflows into storages in the Snowy Mountains.
"That gives Snowy Hydro the capacity to reduce what they call the required releases into the Murray and Murrumbidgee valleys," he said.