Cole inquiry report finalised
After nearly a year of public hearings, 7,500 pages of court transcript and more than 70 witnesses, the final report of the Cole inquiry is finished.
Commissioner Terence Cole is today handing the document to Australia's Governor-General Michael Jeffery in a brief ceremony at Admiralty House, the official Sydney residence of the Governor-General,
It will advise the Federal Government on the actions it should take against monopoly wheat exporter AWB and two other Australian companies for kickback payments they made to the Iraqi regime in breach of UN sanctions.
AWB was by far the largest contributor, paying more than $290 million.
Huge secrecy surrounds the contents of the report, which will be tabled in Federal Parliament next week.
It is widely predicted Commissioner Cole will recommend the laying of criminal charges against some AWB executives.
The report's contents will also have a bearing on the future of the single desk.
Meanwhile the author of an AWB commissioned report into wheat exports says change to the single desk is inevitable.
But the report says any changes should take place gradually, to minimise the impact on wheat growers.
Former world trade commissioner and report author, Alan Oxley, has warned that any immediate changes could hurt 12,000 grain growers from marginal areas.
"These tend to be farmers who are not in upper income groups who are solely dependent on grain in areas where there is variability," Mr Oxley said.
"So as far as we are concerned they are concentrated in the eastern wheatbelt of Western Australia, and on the Eyre Peninsula (in SA), and in western NSW. They are the ones who tend to rely on the collective marketing of their crops."
But independent grains analyst Malcolm Bartholomaeus disagrees.
He says most farmers would take advantage of an open market.
"I'm not sure that we hold back the entire industry for a smaller group who may have a little more trouble adjusting. Farmers aren't silly, you change the rules and they rapidly adapt," Mr Bartholomaeus said.