Govt accused of mishandling response to Cole report
Two former diplomats say the Federal Government has mishandled its response to the kickback scandal, giving an advantage to Australia's international wheat trade competitors.
Andrew Farran, now a trade policy consultant living in Victoria, says the damage to the monopoly wheat trader caused by the Cole inquiry has already caused farmers to lose wheat contracts.
Former Middle East diplomat Bruce Haigh, now farming in New South Wales, says wheat growers will be angry if they lose the single desk as a result of the inquiry.
"I mean the drought is already a huge burden that they're having to cope with and if the single desk gets lost, it'll be an even bigger blow," he said.
"I can say from my conversations with wheat growers, that they're very apprehensive and the potential there is for a lot of anger."
Prime Minister John Howard says the Federal Government is still considering a range of options for the future of the wheat export marketing system but because of the Cole inquiry findings the status quo cannot remain.
Mr Howard acknowledges there are divisions within Government, with the Nationals pushing to keep the single desk and some Liberals demanding the removal of AWB's monopoly.
He says he will put forward recommendations to MPs next week but the solution decided on will be the best one for farmers.
"Any changed arrangements have to be ones that work and have wide acceptability among Australian wheat growers," he said.
"Our main concern is to protect the interests of Australian wheat growers and I am determined that whatever arrangement comes out of the discussion will protect the interests of Australian wheat growers."
Meanwhile United States Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns has directed his department to again consider banning AWB's United States subsidiary from his country's export programs in the wake of the Cole report.
Mr Johanns acknowledges that the AWB had voluntarily agreed last year to not participate in the US Department of Agriculture's (USDA) export credit program but adds that was pending the outcome of the Cole inquiry.
Top USDA lawyer Marc Kesselman says Mr Johanns has ordered him to resume debarment proceedings against AWB.
"The Government can choose who it does business with and the Government usually chooses to do business with people whom it thinks are trustworthy, who are not going to commit fraud with federal dollars," he said.