Wheat export system should focus on grower returns, Crean says
The Opposition's new trade spokesman, Simon Crean, says the single desk wheat export system should not be used as a bargaining chip in world trade talks.
Prime Minister John Howard has said the Government will be careful it does not throw away the single desk without getting something in return in the international arena.
But Mr Crean says if Labor won government it would place more importance on maximising returns to wheat growers and making sure the system was properly scrutinised.
"This can't be seen as a bargaining chip, it has to be seen as ensuring the return to viability and integrity in our wheat trade," he said.
Meanwhile Wheat Australia, the consortium of grain handlers ABB, CBH and Graincorp, has re-submitted its export application for 500,000 tonnes of wheat to Iraq.
It follows the decision last week by the Federal Government to shift the veto power over wheat exports from AWB to Agriculture Minister Peter McGauran.
East coast grain handler Graincorp has also made four applications to export wheat to Japan, Europe, Indonesia and Malaysia, totalling more than 200,000 tonnes.
In another development, grain analysts are predicting global stocks to fall to the lowest level in 20 years next season, as drought conditions hit most wheat-producing countries.
The United States Department of Agriculture predicts global wheat stocks will drop to 119 million tonnes next year, the lowest levels seen in two decades, thanks to drought and difficult planting conditions around the world.
As a result, this year's high prices are likely to continue into 2007, with the competition between fuel industries and food adding to the pressure.
Grains analyst Lloyd George says the so-called food versus fuel factor is significant.
"The biggest surprise factor that's happened on a long term basis, the emergence of biofuels would be right up there," he said.
"There's strong incentives to use these biofuels in a number of different countries and I'd expect that to continue."