NSW, WA support single desk
In another development, New South Wales grain growers have stepped up the battle to save the single desk wheat export system at a rally in the Riverina.
Farmers in southern New South Wales have precious little wheat to sell this year, but about 350 were in Narrandera to show their support for the single desk.
Local farmer Hugh Hart says it maximises returns to growers in a corrupt world market.
"Give the power of veto back to the company," he said.
"Let them get on with the job and let's all look forward, so when it starts to rain we can make a quid again and cut all this rubbish out.
"We've had enough - no more inquiries, no more consultation, just get on with the job."
Nationals MP Kay Hull says farmers need to voice their support for the single desk to silence a noisy minority in the Federal Government.
National Party Senators Ron Boswell and Barnaby Joyce are expected to address the crowd.
In Western Australia, 200 growers have also backed the single desk at a public meeting in the Wheatbelt town of Mingenew.
Farmer Peter Hord says the meeting will probably come to nothing.
"It seems to be typical of all of the meetings that have taken place," he said.
US TAKES ACTION AGAINST AWB
US Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns has temporarily banned wheat exporter AWB from using his department's programs, in the wake of the Cole Inquiry.
Johanns acted following his directive last month that USDA resume debarment proceedings against AWB.
He says he's suspended AWB, several individuals and a Minnesota commodities firm from USDA programs or purchases.
"The extent of our ability to act here is debarment.
"Now, Congress may look at this and say there's a need for a legislative approach. They certainly have a right to do that.
The suspension does not prevent Australian wheat from being sold in the US or affect AWB's ability to trade on commodity exchanges.
AWB spokesman Peter McBride says the programs have only ever been a small part of the business.
They include US government subsidies and loan guarantees for selling US crops overseas.
He says the company voluntarily withdrew from the programs, when the UN inquiry into the Oil for Food program began.
"We have not used this export subsidy program since early 2004 and we informed the USDA earlier this year that we would voluntarily stand aside from using the program in the foreseeable future.
"So we'll continue discussions with the USDA going forward, but we haven't used the program in a long time and we didn't envisage using itÂ".
AWB's shares continue to trade strongly after yesterday's clearance by the Australian Tax Office.
The ATO has accepted that payments made under the Oil-for-Food program did not constitute bribes to foreign public officials, under the Income Tax Assessment Act.
Austock analyst Paul Jensz says the ruling is worth around 50 cents to the share price.
"It's one of the first bits of positive news to come out of what has been a fairly devastating year.
"This does help the momentum inside the company and the renewal and the change that they're doing on a cultural level and a cost levelÂ".