this hourglass - shaped crater on mars provides more evidence that glaciers once carved the planet ' s surface , glaciers made from fallen snow mysterious debris fields found far from the poles on mars were made by glaciers , possibly formed just like glaciers are on earth , by the build - up of snow , researchers say . the glaciers would have resembled those found on earth in places such as mount kilimanjaro in africa or the andean peaks in south america , the researchers report in the latest issue issue of the journal science . they probably formed when mars was tilted on its side 5 million years ago , brown university planetary geologist professor james head and colleagues say . researchers were intrigued when spacecraft data showed curious rock - strewn deposits at the foot of some martian volcanoes and mountains close to the equator . these scraped - up piles of rock and sand in certain valleys and along the western flanks of the three giant volcanoes look like what is left behind by a moving glacier on earth . it is now very cold and very dry on the mars surface , and water cannot stand in any one place on the planet for long , even as ice . researchers have speculated whether the tropical glaciers came from snow or perhaps oozed up from underground . an ancient climate the team of us and french researchers ran climate simulations that suggest glaciers could have formed when the sun heated up the poles , sending snow there into the atmosphere and allowing it to fall elsewhere on the planet . the models predict locations for these glaciers that match many of the glacier remnants seen today . " what we found was that the glaciers were formed from snow brought from the polar regions ," head says . they note that mars often has changed its tilt so that the poles face the sun and the equator gets only oblique sunlight . " actually , it last occurred only five - and - a - half million years ago ," says dr francois forget of the university of paris , who led the team . sublime , say researchers the sun ' s rays could vapourise the snow in a process known as sublimation , also seen here on earth . winds would carry the water vapour south , up and over the soaring slopes of the tharsis montes volcanoes and the giant olympus mons volcano . the vapour would cool and condense into snow , which would eventually harden into an icy glacier . " the findings are important because they tell us that mars has experienced big climate changes in the past , the kinds of climate change that led to the great ice age here on earth ," head says . " the findings are also interesting because this precipitation pattern may have left pockets of ice scattered across mars . this is good information for nasa as officials plan future space missions , particularly with astronauts ."