an ancient ancestor of today ' s crocodiles looks like a cross between an ostrich and a dinosaur the discovery of a six - foot - long , bipedal and toothless fossil in a museum basement suggests crocodile ancestors looked like some bird - like dinosaurs that lived millions of years later , scientists say . the crocodile ancestor fossil , found in the basement of new york ' s american museum of natural history , is an example of how similar body types can evolve several times over . a museum team excavated the 210 - million - year - old fossil in the 1940s from the ghost ranch quarry in new mexico . this site has produced numerous fossils of coelophysis , small , carnivorous dinosaurs that lived in the triassic period . as scientists thought coelophysis was the only vertebrate fossil in the quarry , the crocodile kin sat forgotten in storage and lodged in a slab of rock for nearly 60 years . when graduate student sterling nesbitt opened the plaster jacket encasing the find in 2005 , he saw an articulated fossil that closely resembled bird - like dinosaurs called ornithomimids , or ostrich dinosaurs , that lived 80 million years later . along with dr mark norell , curator of the museum ' s palaeontology division , nesbitt reported the finding in the proceedings of the royal society b . part bird , part dinosaur the creature had large eyes , a beak , a long tail and no teeth . walking on two feet with its tail erect , it lived at the end of the triassic with some of the earliest dinosaurs . " we don ' t know what the animal ate because it has a beak , and extant animals with beaks can eat almost anything ," says nesbitt . while the skull and the skeleton were almost identical to those of ostrich dinosaurs , the ankle is typical of an ancient group of reptiles called crocodilians , which includes today ' s crocodiles and alligators . the new animal was named effigia okeeffeae , after the latin word for ghost , referring to the fact that it was invisible to science for so long . its name also honours the artist georgia o ' keeffe , who lived near the quarry . " this is one of the most specialised extinct relative of crocodilians yet known , and shows that the ' duck - billed ' head that later evolved in ornithomimid dinosaurs first appeared , independently , in crocodilians relatives ," says james clark , associate professor of biology at the george washington university in washington dc . " this exciting find tells us once again that crocodilians and their relatives were at one time much more diverse than they are today ." the fossil has also turned a keystone for identifying other close relatives to effigia , says norell . the researchers re - examined some isolated triassic reptile specimens and noted that effigia also resembles early theropods , two - legged carnivore dinosaurs . they concluded that effigia - like animals were common in most of the triassic sediments of western north america . this would suggest that creatures like the newly discovered fossil dominated what is now the americas , and that dinosaur evolution only took off after effigia went extinct . clark agrees . " the fossil record of the triassic and jurassic shows that dinosaur diversity did not take off until after the extinction event at the end of the triassic , which included large - bodied crocodilian relatives such as aetosaurs , phytosaurs , and rauisuchians , as well as the smaller effigia ," he says .