dna evidence has questioned the quality of &# 214 ; tzi ' s sperm , which may have affected his standing in stone age society a stone age man found frozen in the alps some 5300 years after he was murdered under mysterious circumstances may have been a childless social outcast , a new study shows . italian anthropologist dr franco rollo , from the university of camerino , studied fragments of the dna belonging to &# 214 ; tzi , as the mummy has become known . rollo and his colleagues describe in the american journal of physical anthropology how he found two typical mutations common among men with reduced sperm mobility . a high percentage of men with such a condition are sterile , according to the museum that stores &# 214 ; tzi the iceman . " insofar as the ' iceman ' was found to possess both mutations , the possibility that he was unable to father offspring cannot be eliminated ," says the south tyrol museum of archaeology in the alpine town of bolzano . " this not improbable hypothesis raises new questions concerning his social rank within his society ," it adds , arguing that the new evidence supports a theory that views the man as a social outcast . hikers discovered &# 214 ; tzi in the mountains between italy and austria in 1991 . in 2001 , scientists found an arrowhead in the iceman ' s shoulder blade , and tests revealed blood from four different people on his clothes and a cut in his hand , possibly from a fight . medicine in the man ' s pockets and sophisticated weapons seemed to indicate that he was a shaman or a chieftain . one theory says &# 214 ; tzi was the victim of a power struggle in his own tribe . a rival theory proposes the opposite , that he was a reject . rollo and his colleagues were also able to assign the mummy ' s dna to one of the basic groups of human dna historically occurring in europe . his basic dna resembles that of the ladines , an ethnic group still living in the region today , and that of residents of the &# 214 ; tztal valley where he was found , the museum says .