the nearby supernova 1987a in its dying moments milliseconds before a giant star dies in a spectacular explosion , it hums a note around ' middle c ', astronomers say . in the april issue of the astrophysical journal , professor adam burrows of the university of arizona and team will report the song that immediately precedes the explosion of a supernova . " we were quite sure when we started seeing this phenomenon that we were seeing sound waves , but it was so unexpected that we kept re - checking and re - testing our results ," says burrows . astronomers have long been trying to understand what happens when a supernova , a massive star , collapses and explodes . once it reaches death ' s door , a supernova ' s core is so dense that it does not allow energy to escape , and the star collapses inwards towards the core . until now scientists had assumed that the spectacular explosion in a star ' s dying moments was due to the star ' s outer shell bouncing back off the core . but , says australian supernova expert dr stuart ryder of the anglo - australian observatory in sydney , none of the models of exploding supernovae to date have supported this theory . basically the models don ' t show enough energy coming from the core bounce to overcome the collapsing outer layers . " the stuff trying to expand would keep running into the stuff that is still collapsing and it would literally stall the explosion ," says ryder . there have been various attempts to tweak the models , including taking account of neutrinos , which are emitted from supernovae . but scientists found that these subatomic particles also do not provide enough energy to make the models work . the models still stalled before the explosion . sound waves provide missing link burrows and team have now developed computer models to simulate the events of a dying star , from the collapse of the core through to the supernova explosion . " our simulations show that the inner core starts to execute pulsations ," says burrows . " they show that after about 500 milliseconds [ after the core collapses ] the inner core begins to vibrate wildly . and after 600 , 700 or 800 milliseconds , this oscillation becomes so vigorous that it sends out sound waves . " in these computer runs , these sound waves actually cause the star to explode , not the neutrinos ." the researchers say typical sound frequencies in the inner core are about 200 to 400 hertz , in the audible range around middle c . a million steps the new models involve a million steps and simulate the full second between core collapse and explosion . previous models , which did not take into account sound waves , had only one fifth the number of steps and simulate only the first few hundred milliseconds after core collapse . ryder says burrows and team could have found the " missing link " in understanding what makes stars explode . " it seems that we haven ' t properly allowed for these sound phenomena in the core of the star when it collapses ," he says . " this might be like the death knell or the last alarm bell that something bad is about to happen ."