light from saturn ' s rings illuminates the storm , where lightning strikes are 1000 more powerful than ones on earth for nearly a month , a huge storm with massive lightning has been raging on saturn under the watchful eye of the cassini spacecraft . it was a cassini ear , a radio receiver , that first detected the storm on 23 january . and this week , scientists finally coaxed an image from cassini ' s camera . sunlight reflecting off the planet ' s rings provided enough light during the saturn night for cassini ' s camera to pick out the storm and cloud features . researchers now are working hard to identify spots within the storm that could be lightning . the only other place in the solar system besides earth where lightning has been positively identified is on jupiter . " cassini ' s radio detector is on all the time ," says planetary meteorologist professor andrew ingersoll , with the california institute of technology and a member of the cassini science team . " months go by and there is no radio noise from saturn . then all of a sudden , in the space of a day , they get it . that ' s what happened on 23 january ." the radio emissions are similar to the popping and crackling that you might hear if you were driving through a thunderstorm with an am radio on . what is generally thought of as radio interference is actually radio waves generated by lightning . behind the storm scientists are not sure what causes the lighting on saturn , but they believe it is triggered by the same process that creates lightning on earth . " on earth , we think the convection in thunderstorms is important in the process of separating positive charges from negative charges . and if you separate enough charges , you build up a very large potential field between those separated charges ," says university of iowa ' s dr bill kurth , the deputy principal investigator of cassini ' s radio and plasma wave science instrument . " nature doesn ' t like that , and it tries to correct the situation by running a current between the two separated charges . that forms a very large spark , there ' s an awful lot of energy that ' s released , and it ' s meant to basically allow the negative charges and the positive charges to get back together again ," kurth says . on saturn , the phenomena manifests itself on a gigantic scale , with lighting bolts more than 1000 times stronger than strikes on earth , the radio data reveals . the storm itself spans an area larger than continental us . why saturn should have such massive storms is a mystery . the planet gets only about 1 % of the sunlight that reaches earth , so there is much less energy to drive storms , ingersoll says . " given that , there are two possibilities : one is that you have the same number of storms that you have on earth , but they are weaker ; or two , they are just as strong but there are fewer ." while more studies are needed , ingersoll favours the second explanation . " this storm certainly looks more vigorous and the radio emissions are more powerful deep down , [ so ] there may be more water in the atmosphere than on earth ," ingersoll says . amateurs beat the professionals the first images of the storm actually came from two ground - based amateur astronomers , not the cassini spacecraft . from its present orbital perch , cassini has been unable to image the sunlit side of saturn . the team studying the radio emissions , however , decided to ask the amateur astronomy community if anyone had any pictures of saturn that corresponded to where radio emissions were coming from . within hours , two astronomers near paris submitted the first visual confirmation of the storm . their findings were confirmed by the cassini images shot in darkness with illumination from the planet ' s rings .