frogs produce a range of chemicals in their skins , including ones that smell like cashew nuts . now scientists say some of these chemicals repel insects some australian frogs create their own insect repellent , some resembling rotten meat and others roasted cashew nuts or thyme leaves , researchers find . the research team , which includes associate professor mike tyler of the university of adelaide and entomologist dr craig williams from james cook university , publishes its findings online in the journal biology letters . frogs produce a number of chemicals in their skin , including hallucinogens , glues and antimicrobials , to ward off infection and stop other animals from trying to eat them . " we wanted to test professor tyler ' s [ belief ] that they should also produce an insect repellent ," says williams . the research team studied five species of australian frogs , including the australian green tree frog . using massage and acupuncture techniques , they stimulated the muscles beneath the frogs ' skins to produce secretions . " what we found was that frogs produce a variety of chemicals in their skin and these ooze out of the pores of their skin when they are stressed ," says williams . the secretions , some of which repel mosquitos , have different smells depending on a number of factors such as what the frog eats . " the frogs produce hundreds of chemicals and one frog ' s smell might be made up of six or seven different chemicals , so they all smell quite different ," williams says . " the chemicals evaporate very quickly from the skin and it ' s the volatile smell that repels [ the mosquitos ]." a new mosquito repellent ? the team found that skin secretions from an australian green tree frog , for example , protected a mouse from mosquitos when the secretion was applied . the researchers say this is the first time a vertebrate has been found to have its own in - built mosquito repellent . but the frog secretion was not as repellent as deet , diethyl - m - toluamide , the ingredient in most commercial mosquito sprays . williams doesn ' t believe that a new brand of natural insect repellent will result from the research . " the smell is just not very good ... some smell of rotting flesh , some of nuts , some of thyme leaves ." last year the frog - sniffing research team won an ig nobel prize for its work on skin secretions . the prizes honour " achievements that first make people laugh , and then make them think ". at the time , the researchers talked about frog smells that reminded them of bombay curry and cut grass .