nicotine , suspected to come from cigarette butts , are among many chemicals vacuumed up in dust from sydney ' s roads chemicals from car exhausts , asphalt and cigarette butts are covering our roads , an australian study suggests . and accumulated run - off may need to be treated as toxic waste , says researcher associate professor james ball of the university of technology , sydney . as well as raising environmental concerns , this finding may mean authorities will face increased clean - up costs , ball says . the researchers went out onto sydney roads with a modified vacuum cleaner to suck up samples , the first study to look at polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons ( pahs ) and nicotine in road dust . they found dirt blown in from many kilometres . and when the researchers analysed particles smaller than 200 micrometres in size , they identified 20 chemicals , including nicotine , plasticisers and pahs . " nobody ' s gone looking for these before ," says ball , who has been studying pollution on road surfaces for the past 15 years . roads make up about one - fifth of the urban land area , he says , and about half the impervious surfaces . he says any pollutants that fall on roads can easily wash off into the stormwater system with the slightest rain . even small storms yielding 10 millimetres of rainfall can mobilise the dust , says ball . the dust then enters the waterways , silting up creeks , ponds and wetlands . in the dust nicotine , most likely from tossed away cigarette butts , is an alkaloid with a half - life in the environment of 30 days and can be toxic to aquatic organisms . pahs come from a range of sources including vehicle exhausts , asphalt roads and fires . pahs can accummulate in living tissue and some are carcinogens , says professor des connell of griffith university in brisbane . "[ pahs ] will be taken up by fish and accumulate in fish ," he says . ball also found many other previously reported pollutants in the dust , like phosphorous that leads to algal blooms . and he found trace amounts of heavy metals such as lead and zinc from tyres , petrol and bearings ; chromium from wear and tear on car bodies , and copper from brake linings . " all of these are potentially hazardous ," he says . cleaning up ball says the discovery of new pollutants on roads like pahs has implications for authorities , which already have their hands full treating stormwater pollution . " it expands the number of contaminants that we have to manage ," he says . and , he says , authorities may have to pay more attention to run - off from roads . currently , says ball , authorities are focused on the immediate risk to humans from sewage contaminating stormwater systems , and the immediate risk to waterways from nutrients . but , he says , the discovery of environmentally persistent chemicals in road run - off may mean areas receiving the run - off may eventually have to be treated like toxic waste . ball says he received funding from the new south wales environment protection authority ( now the department of environment and conservation ) and the roads and traffic authority for his study , which is yet to be published .