a watchdog would monitor research to make sure it wasn ' t used by bioterrorists , yet would allow legitimate research to continue . but not everyone agrees this balance is possible a global watchdog is needed to prevent science being misused to produce biological weapons , say canadian academics . " bioterrorists require darkness to succeed ," says professor peter singer , director of the joint centre for bioethics at the university of toronto , which has published a report calling for global network of experts to help spot any misuses of science for biological warfare . " in effect , we ' re calling for an iaea of biotechnology ," he adds , referring to the international atomic energy authority , the global nuclear watchdog . " not with a team of iaea - type inspectors , though , but an expanding global network of scientists ." the rationale behind the report , entitled dna for peace : reconciling biodevelopment and biosecurity , is fear that there will be a crackdown on genuine scientific research in the name of biosecurity , an attempt to prevent biological warfare or deliberately created epidemics . " the question is how do you create a system where people are talking in such a way that you can enhance the positive use of biotechnology and protect against the misuse of them in such areas as bioterrorism ," says elizabeth dowdeswell , co - author of the report and the former head of the un environment program . the scientists want the group of eight industrialised nations to help create the new watchdog , and they want investment in " positive applications " of biological sciences in developing countries . that would include efforts to cure or prevent disease , and to alleviate poverty , they say . but dr eike - henner kluge , an expert on bioethics and a professor at the university of victoria in british columbia , says a surveillance network is " pragmatically unrealistic ". he questioned who would monitor and pay for the proposed body . " how do you balance a possible negative threat on the one hand with a possible good on the other ?" says kluge . " this is the two - edged sword that accompanies any research ."