inflammation after infection with the epstein - barr virus might trigger temporary brain damage chronic fatigue syndrome ( cfs ) might be caused by a temporary ' brain injury ' during the early , inflammatory stages of glandular fever , according to australian scientists . " we believe that parts of the brain which control perception of fatigue and pain are damaged during the acute infection phase of glandular fever ," says lead researcher , professor andrew lloyd from the university of new south wales . the researchers , who publish their study this week in the journal of infectious diseases , believe the epstein - barr virus , which causes glandular fever , might trigger cfs in some people . while most people with glandular fever recover in several weeks , disabling symptoms including prolonged fatigue can last for at least six months , known as cfs . the scientists found the virus itself does not cause this ongoing fatigue but they hypothesise that a ' hit and run ' brain injury does . " if you ' re still sick several weeks after infection , it seems the symptoms aren ' t being driven by the activity of the virus in the body , it ' s happening in the brain ," lloyd says . the study is the first to follow patients within a few weeks of acute glandular fever infection for a year . it tracked 39 people including eight who were sick for at least six months , and 31 who recovered quickly . levels of virus in the blood were no different in patients who recovered quickly from those whose fatigue lasted more than six months . " it ' s not the virus or an ongoing inflammatory response directed at the virus causing ongoing symptoms . but an inflammatory process in the acute illness might disturb brain function and make it stay symptomatic ," lloyd says . the mystery of cfs lloyd says cfs affects one in 100 australians and millions worldwide . it is a group of symptoms for which there is no medical or psychiatric explanation including unrefreshing sleep , muscle and joint pain , concentration and memory difficulties and prolonged fatigue . people with cfs are often unable to work or attend school . theories about causes range from muscle and immune system to psychiatric problems , hormonal changes and the growing body of data linking infectious diseases , including glandular fever , as a trigger . the scientists will test their hypothesis by doing brain scans on study participants . for more information on cfs , see the me / chronic fatigue syndrome association of australia ' s website .