the la niña weather event , which brings higher rainfall to australia , may be on its way . but the experts don ' t know how long it will last , or what its effects will be la ni & ntilde ; a may be on its way , says the un ' s weather agency , an event that tends to bring above - average rainfall to australia and parts of southeast asia . the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) says it has seen unprecedented signs pointing to la ni & ntilde ; a , which originates off the western coast of south america but can disrupt weather patterns around the globe . the geneva - based agency says temperatures in the central and eastern equatorial pacific have been between 0 . 5 and 1 . 0 & deg ; c below normal since the start of 2006 . " combined with broader tropical pacific ocean and atmosphere conditions , this is consistent with the early stages of a basin - wide la ni & ntilde ; a event ," it says . " it is unprecedented in the historical record for a la ni & ntilde ; a of substantial intensity or duration to develop so early in the year ." la ni & ntilde ; a , which has the opposite effects to the more notorious el ni & ntilde ; o , last occurred from mid - 1998 to early 2001 . under la ni & ntilde ; a , the sea - surface temperature in the central and eastern tropical pacific falls below normal . this typically brings far dryer weather to the southwestern us , florida and western latin america and above - average rainfall to australia , indonesia , malaysia and the philippines . but there can also be a knock - on effect much further afield , with an increase to monsoon rainfall in south asia , unusual coolness in tropical west africa , southeast africa , japan and the korean peninsula . la ni & ntilde ; a usually lasts nine to 12 months , although " some episodes may persist for as long as two years ", according to the us national oceanic and atmospheric administration . hang on a minute but the wmo sounds a note of caution . the build - up of this la ni & ntilde ; a is so exceptionally swift and intense that it is impossible at the moment to infer what the impact would be , and how long the phenomenon would last , it warns . " most models and expert interpretations favour the event dissipating quite rapidly over the next three to six months ," it says . " nonetheless , neither a continuation of la ni & ntilde ; a beyond mid - year , nor the development of el ni & ntilde ; o in the second half of 2006 , can be ruled out as possible outcomes from the current prevailing situation ." el ni & ntilde ; o , which last ran from 2002 to 2003 , occurs when warm water builds up in the western tropical pacific and creeps eastwards , again causing huge disruption to classic patterns of rainfall and wind . both el ni & ntilde ; o and la ni & ntilde ; a are naturally occurring cycles , although there is much speculation among climate scientists that human induced global warming may make them more frequent and more vicious and that this trend may have already started . el ni & ntilde ; o means ' the little boy ' in spanish . its name is attributed to fishermen off the coast of south america who noted the appearance of warmer water , often around christmas . la ni & ntilde ; a means ' the little girl '.