gamma - ray bursts like this are among the few things energetic enough to be seen from such a distance the discovery of the most distance and ancient stellar explosion has now been confirmed and pushed back another 100 million light - years to 12 . 8 billion light - years away . the explosion , known as grb 050904 , took place when the universe was a relatively youthful 900 million years old . the fatal stellar scream , beamed from a giant star as it collapsed to make a black hole , contains direct clues to what the universe was like so long ago . a gamma - ray burst , or grb , is one of the few things in the universe bright enough to be seen so long and far away . three separate international teams of astronomers , including observations from australia ' s mount stromlo and siding spring observatories , describe the grb in the journal nature today . among them is assistant professor daniel reichart of the university of north carolina at chapel hill . he began to suspect his team was seeing something unusual when the researchers detected the afterglow of the blast in infrared light , but could not see it in visible light , as is normally the case . the gamma rays were initially detected from the space - borne swift telescope and burst detector . the rest of the observations were made from earthbound telescopes . " at that point we either had found the most distant burst in the universe , or there was dust in the way ," reichart says . could it be dust ? a careful analysis of just which wavelengths of light were missing from grb 050904 made it clear dust was not the culprit , he explains . " dust scatters blue light out , but it ' s much more gradual ," says reichart . grb 050904 ' s bluer light drops off very suddenly . that ' s the signature of the light having been stretched out , essentially making it redder ( called redshift ), over billions of years of travel through an expanding universe . in a way , it ' s the wavelengths of light that didn ' t make it across time and space that pegged grb 050904 as the oldest and furthest star ever seen . but the light that did survive the journey has a lot to offer as well . " its attraction lies in what it can reveal about star formation early in the history of the universe ," says astrophysicist dr enrico ramirez - ruiz of the institute for advanced study in princeton , who writes about the importance of the discovery in the same issue of nature . because all light , when broken into a spectrum , carries essentially a bar code of the elements that created or influenced it , the light from grb 050904 could reveal a lot about where and when heavy elements become more common in the early universe . " distant galaxies are themselves difficult to study because they appear faint and small ," ramirez - ruiz explains . " grbs will serve not only as signposts to such galaxies , but could be used to study the gradual build - up of heavy elements in them to determine the conversion history of primordial gas into stars ." the first generation of stars in the universe was made of hydrogen and helium alone . heavier elements are made by the most massive stars when they die . even at the colossal distance of 12 . 8 billion light - years , grb 050904 is not quite old enough to be among the first generation of stars , say astronomers . that ' s because large stars that can create grbs have relatively short lifespans . our sun , in contrast , is a medium - sized star which , at about 4 . 5 billion years old , is only middle - aged for its kind .