plumes of icy material shoot out from the moon ' s south pole one of saturn ' s moons , enceladus , is spewing out a giant plume of water vapour that is probably feeding one of the planet ' s rings , scientists say . the findings , published in the journal science , suggest that tiny enceladus could have a liquid ocean under its icy surface which in theory could sustain primitive life , similar to jupiter ' s moon europa . the plume was spotted by cassini , a joint us - european spacecraft that is visiting saturn . " we realise that this is a radical conclusion , that we may have evidence for liquid water within a body so small and so cold ," says dr carolyn porco , cassini imaging team leader at the space science institute in boulder , colorado . " however , if we are right , we have significantly broadened the diversity of solar system environments where we might possibly have conditions suitable for living organisms ." scientists have long known that many of saturn ' s moons have water . they took an especially close look at enceladus because it seemed to have a smooth surface , suggesting recent geological activity that , in turn , could mean liquid water . liquid water is a key requirement for life . several moons have been found to have evidence of liquid water and the chemical elements needed to make life , including europa . gigantic geyser but scientists are far more intrigued by the plume itself , a gigantic geyser of water vapour and tiny ice particles . " it ' s basically this giant plume of gas coming out of the south pole of enceladus ," says dr candy hansen of nasa ' s jet propulsion laboratory in california . " the plume is half the size of the moon . it ' s huge ," says hansen , a planetary scientist . " water is being spewed out of this moon . it solves some real mysteries that we have been struggling with over the years ." indirect observations have shown the moon , discovered in 1789 by william herschel , is rich in oxygen and hydrogen . but whether this is because of water is not clear . both water vapour and water particles were observed , as well as a smattering of other compounds such as methane and carbon dioxide , the international team of scientists reports in a series of papers in science . it is possible the plume comes directly from ice , but more likely there is a liquid source , the researchers say . it would have to be under the moon ' s surface , which is covered with ice . " if a wet domain exists at the bottom of enceladus ' icy crust , like a miniature europan ocean , cassini may help to confirm it ," dr jeffrey kargel of the university of arizona at tucson writes in a commentary . " might it be a habitat ? cassini cannot answer this question ," kargel adds . " any life that existed could not be luxuriant and would have to deal with low temperatures , feeble metabolic energy , and perhaps a severe chemical environment . nevertheless , we cannot discount the possibility that enceladus might be life ' s distant outpost ." hansen is cautious . " i think the best you can say is there is biological potential . we have liquid water probably , and it is in contact with rocks so there are minerals ," she says . " and there is energy . but we haven ' t detected life ." the findings help to confirm theories that enceladus was the source of saturn ' s outer e - ring , the researchers say . saturn has at least 47 known moons . enceladus is named after a titan in greek mythology who was defeated in battle and buried under mount etna by the goddess athena .