part of the maldives island chain from space : nearly 100 people were killed here following the 2004 tsunami , and over 20 , 000 were displaced some of the low - lying islands of the maldives grew taller as a result of the deadly 2004 indian ocean tsunami , a new study has found . dr paul kench , of the university of auckland in new zealand , and team report their findings in the march issue of the journal geology . despite the disastrous effects of the tsunami on humans and man - made structures in the maldives , less than 5 % of the land area was significantly changed by the tsunami , say the researchers . a before - and - after study of 13 small islands suggests that the low - lying coral atolls are tougher than they look . " we looked for any evidence of change ," says kench . he and his team had already surveyed 13 small islands in the maldives , before the tsunami in 2002 and 2003 , so they were in a perfect position to assess the effects of the tsunami . the first thing kench and his team discovered was that the tsunami was not nearly as high at the maldives as along other coasts . that ' s because there is no continental shelf along which the waves could build up and break . instead , says kench , the highest in the series of waves from the great sumatra - andaman earthquake were only about 3 metres , which washed over the 1 . 5 to 2 metre - high islands and then kept racing toward africa . " there weren ' t these thundering walls of water crashing across the islands ," says kench . " nevertheless , they all went underwater ." the islands were also spared any backwash , which doubled the scouring effect elsewhere , kench says . on the contrary , the tsunami scoured only the eastern sides of the islands , where it struck and carried the coral beach sand over the islands . as much as 30 centimetres of sand was deposited on top of one island , with the others gaining 5 to 10 centimetres . " it just added freeboard ," says kench . the bottom line , he says , is that geologically speaking , the tsunami was anything but a destructive event for the island landmass of the maldives . " i think it ' s a quite useful paper ," says marine geologist dr chris perry at manchester metropolitan university in the uk . " the [ island ] response is fairly minimal ." but it ' s not clear whether it offers any clues to how the maldives or other atolls will withstand rapid rises in sea level due to the melting of glaciers by global warming . " we don ' t know the rates of [ reef ] growth ," says perry . and there ' s also the fact that many atolls are now suffering from coral bleaching , which stops growth altogether .