a new lubricant that forms polymers to protect engine wear also saves oil , according to new research a new smart lubricant that forms a protective film when it meets two surfaces rubbing together means engines need less oil , a chemical conference has heard this week . using about 4 . 5 grams of the lubricant saves more than 450 grams of oil , according to a presentation at the american chemical society ' s meeting this week in atlanta . while its inventors do not believe the lubricant can replace standard motor oil in vehicles , they say it may someday replace the oil used to test engines and mechanical systems . additives developed from the same technology could also stave off wear , improve engine performance and reduce pollutants , its developers say . the technology behind the new compounds is called tribopolymerisation . " by tribopolymerisation , we mean the use of small molecules in a fluid , such as an oil , to reduce wear and damage of the sliding surfaces by forming thin polymer films , which offer protection ," says us researcher professor michael furey , from virginia tech , who developed the process with czeslaw kajdas and colleagues at the radom technical university in poland . " it is a process of molecular design . we do not add any polymers to the system , nor do we coat surfaces with polymers . instead , our monomers are designed to form thin polymer films directly on the rubbing surfaces continuously and only where needed ," furey says . the international team of scientists has been working on the project since 1981 , but recent developments include a precise way of measuring what happens as the films form ; the discovery of new classes of compounds , such as the engine lubricant ; and agreements with three organisations who hope to further develop and market the technology . furey says that 16 engines recently were treated with about 4 . 5 grams of the smart composition . " all passed the run - in tests successfully with no signs of damage ," he says . " in a subsequent series of tests in a different factory location , 24 engines were pre - treated the same way . all 24 engines were in perfect condition after the run - in tests . the results were quite amazing ." smelly fumes he and his colleagues also say the technology could reduce the " emission of smelly fumes " from the use of diesel in trucks , cars , buses and equipment . currently , many countries , such as sweden , and us states , like california , have imposed limits on the sulfur content of diesel fuels , since sulfur oxide is one of the stinkiest pollutants . the catch is that the substitute low - sulfur fuels increase wear and tear on the fuel injector and fuel pump , according to the researchers , who say they have invented diesel fuel " lubricity additives " that work with low - sulfur fuels to reduce their damage on the engine . dr jorn larsen - basse , former director of the surface engineering and tribology program at the us national science foundation , says the technology is " innovative ". " it works well with metal surfaces , especially steel , because molecules stick onto it easily . the engine pretreatment application might very well be possible ," larsen - basse says . the inventors hope to conduct further studies on how high surface temperatures and other engine factors affect the performance of the new compounds .