all writing systems contain key shapes like t and x that are based on nature , researchers say when you pick up a pen and write you ' re not simply scratching down a set of abstract marks , but representing the trees , mountains and horizons that surrounded your forebears , according to new research . the research , which will be published in next month ' s issue of the american naturalist , looked at more than 100 writing systems throughout history . it concludes that all letters , and symbols like trademarks , share universal shapes and forms based on patterns found in nature . " these classes of human visual signs ... possess a similar signature in their configuration ... suggesting that there are underlying principles governing the shapes of human visual signs ," the team from the california institute of technology writes . the researchers say their work provides evidence that we select our visual signs to match the contours of natural scenes . this is because we have evolved to be good at visually processing these forms , the researchers say , and the shapes we use in writing are chosen for visual recognition at the cost of manual efficiency . in other words , we use the letters we do because they are easy to read , although they mightn ' t be the most efficient shapes to write . this is in contrast to shorthand , where forms are selected for speed and efficiency of writing at the cost of speedy reading . l , t or x dr mia stephens from the university of south australia , a lecturer in linguistics , text , language and society , says the researchers reduced written languages to a set of basic shapes , including t , l and x . " they ' ve organised and categorised all the different shapes and looked at the frequency and distribution of the shapes and there ' s a pattern ," she says . "[ they say ] you can detect similarities of human writing systems and [ the shapes are ] topographical , so you can stretch them , and squeeze them and muck around with them but they ' ve still got basically the same number of links and junctions ," she says . the researchers also provide three sets of natural scenes from tribal , rural and urban surroundings to show how these forms are present in our surroundings . but stephens says the premise of the article is too simplistic . she questions the primary evolutionary impulse of looking at scenery and imagines what our forebears would have thought at the time . " we have to eat , we have to run away from predators , and we ' ve evolved to do those things , not just look at scenery as scenery ." stephens also says the nature of written language is likely to change in future , leaving the theory obsolete . " this argument is about the past , and the future of writing is going to be completely different because we ' ve now got keyboards ," she says .