unique conditions at the sea of galilee , or lake kinneret as it ' s also known , may have caused a patch of ice to form near its western shore , says an oceanographer the new testament says that jesus walked on water , but a us professor says there could be a less miraculous explanation - he walked on a floating piece of ice . professor doron nof , a professor of oceanography at florida state university , says his study found an unusual combination of water and atmospheric conditions could have led to ice formation on the sea of galilee . he and his co - authors describe the local freezing phenomenon as " springs ice ". nof used palaeoceanographic records of the mediterranean sea ' s surface temperatures and statistical models to examine the dynamics of the sea of galilee , which israelis know now as lake kinneret . the study , published in the april issue of the journal of paleolimnology , found that a period of cooler temperatures in the area between 1500 and 2600 years ago could have included the decades in which jesus lived . a drop in temperature below freezing could have caused ice thick enough to support a human form on the surface of the freshwater lake near the western shore , nof says . this is an area where the researchers say many archaeological findings relating to jesus have been found . it might have been nearly impossible for distant observers to see a piece of floating ice surrounded by water . nof says he offers his study as a " possible explanation " for jesus ' walk on water . " if you ask me if i believe someone walked on water , no , i don ' t ," nof says . " maybe somebody walked on the ice , i don ' t know . i believe that something natural was there that explains it . " we leave to others the question of whether or not our research explains the biblical account ." nof says the chance of similar icy conditions in northern israel today is " effectively zero , or about once in more than 10 , 000 years ". when nof offered his theory 14 years ago that wind and sea conditions could explain the parting of the red sea , nof says he received some hate mail , even though he noted that the idea could support the biblical description of the event . and as his theory of jesus ' walk on ice began to circulate , he had more hate mail in his email inbox . " they asked me if i ' m going to try next to explain the resurrection ," he says .