penguins 60 million years old are closely related to today ' s yellow - eyed penguin , new dna analysis suggests new analysis of the world ' s oldest fossil penguins confirms some birds survived the mass extinction that killed the dinosaurs 65 million years ago , researchers say . the penguins once lived in shallow seas off new zealand ' s east coast 60 million years ago . now a molecular study , published in the journal molecular biology and evolution , links them closely to modern penguins . co - author associate professor ewan fordyce from the university of otago says penguins are specialised birds that evolved much later than other species . " the fact that they have been found within a few million years of the dinosaurs ' extinction is compelling evidence that modern birds must have evolved earlier and diversified during the time of the dinosaurs ," he says . " it also suggests that many of those bird lineages survived the catastrophe that wiped out the dinosaurs , so it ' s unlikely that there was a big turnover , with modern birds only emerging after the mass extinction ." the study incorporates genetic evidence of the evolutionary relationships between penguins ' distant cousins like shearwaters , albatrosses , ducks and moas . the researchers used dna from these birds to provide a broad framework of family relationships which , together with the fossil evidence , is used to predict when those birds must have arisen . " we ' re really confident we have ancient birds and really confident about the date ," says fordyce . " it ' s enabled us to establish an earlier timeframe for when groups of modern birds branched out ." most of the new zealand fossils , officially recognised as the waimanu penguin genus , were discovered by amateur palaeontologist al mannering in the waipara region just north of christchurch . some 60 million years ago new zealand had already separate from australia and antarctica and was a low - lying land mass much closer to the south pole . waimanu manneringi would have developed in a polar habitat similar to today ' s yellow - eyed penguin , which it closely resembles . its long bill and condensed wing bones indicate that it would be quite at home eating and swimming in today ' s antarctica , the researchers say .