playing violent video games can change the way you think , a study says playing violent video games can make you think other people are out to get you , research shows . dr sonya brady of the university of california , san francisco , and professor karen matthews at the university of pittsburgh say their study shows that young men are more likely to see others ' attitudes toward them as hostile if they ' ve just played a violent game . " you ' re kind of on the lookout for other people being rude to you ," brady says . brady and matthews had a group of 100 male undergraduates aged 18 to 21 play one of two popular video games . one game involved car theft and bashings and the second one pitted the player in a race to get homework to school on time . in the non - violent game , players took the role of a parent and their task was to deliver their child ' s science project to school before it could be marked late . in the violent game , players took the role of a criminal , and were instructed by the mafia to beat up a drug dealer with a baseball bat . are you accusing me ? after playing the games , study participants watched a scenario in which a teacher tells a class he suspects some students have cheated in a test . the teacher says he is very disappointed in those who have cheated but proud of those who did well . the teacher then asks to see " billy " after class . the study participants were told to imagine themselves as billy , and were asked how likely it was that the teacher was going to accuse them of cheating . students who ' d played the violent game were more likely to think they ' d be accused of cheating , the researchers report in the archives of pediatrics and adolescent medicine . more likely to approve of marijuana brady says the study also shows young men are more likely to think it ' s acceptable to smoke marijuana and drink alcohol after playing a violent game . she says this suggests that violent video games make players more likely to throw caution to the wind , whether it ' s with regard to their own health or any other type of risky behaviour . " parents have been told the message that violent video games and violent media in general can influence the likelihood that their kids will be aggressive ," brady says . " what this study suggests is that they might increase any type of risk - taking behaviour ." playing the violent game boosted young men ' s blood pressure , and appeared to have more of an effect on those who came from more violent homes or communities , the study says . but regardless of whether they grew up in a violent environment , the young men who had played the violent game were less cooperative and more competitive in completing an assigned task with another person , compared to those who played the non - violent game . the results show the potential for video games to change the way we think , brady says .