you called ? bottlenose dolphins can call each other by name when they whistle , making them the only animals to do this besides humans , scientists report . scientists have long known that dolphins ' whistling calls include repeated information thought to be their names . but a new study , published online today in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences , indicates dolphins recognise these names even when voice cues are removed from the sound . for example , a dolphin might be expected to recognise its name if called by its mother . but the new study found most dolphins recognise names , their signature whistles , even when emitted without inflection or other vocal cues . more than that , two dolphins may refer to a third by the third animal ' s name , says study author dr laela sayigh from the university of north carolina wilmington . " they are known to produce these individually distinctive signature whistles , like names ," sayigh says . the scientists already knew that dolphins responded to whistles , but wondered if something in the actual voice of the whistling dolphin is making the identity clear , or if the name itself is enough for recognition . to find out , they studied bottlenose dolphins in sarasota bay , florida . instead of playing recordings of actual dolphins making signature whistles , the researchers synthesised signature whistles with the caller ' s voice features removed and played them to dolphins through an underwater speaker . in nine out of 14 cases , the dolphin would turn more often toward the speaker if it heard a whistle that sounded like a close relative ' s . " it ' s a very interesting finding that encourages further research , because they are using whistles as referential signals . that ' s what words are ," says sayigh . " dolphins appear to be using these arbitrary signals to identify another dolphin ." she stopped short of saying dolphins might have a human - like language . " i tend to shy away from using the word ' language ' myself , because it ' s such a loaded term ," sayigh says . " i still really feel strongly that there is no evidence for something like our language . [ dolphins ] have got the cognitive skills at least to have referential signals ."