new research suggests the habitat changed from dry , arid and cold to warm and wet , which led to new types of vegetion mammoths couldn ' t eat the mammoth and other species probably became extinct more than 10 , 000 years ago because of climate shifts , not over - hunting by humans , new research suggests . radiocarbon dating of 600 bones of bison , moose and humans that survived the mass extinction and remains of the mammoth and wild horse that did not , suggests humans were not responsible . " that is what this new data points out ," says emeritus professor dale guthrie of the university of alaska in fairbanks , author of the paper in today ' s issue of the journal nature . " it is not that people weren ' t hunting these creatures . but climate would have reduced the numbers considerably ," he adds . scientists have put forward various theories to explain the disappearance of the mammoth and the wild horse , equus ferus , which coincided with the arrival of humans from central asia in north america more than 12 , 000 years ago . one hypothesis suggests a virulent disease was responsible for the extinctions . another theory was that by killing grazing animals , humans triggered changes in vegetation that resulted in the mass deaths . the blitzkrieg , or overkill theory , says human hunters devastated most large mammal species and drove some to extinction . " but contrary to that theory , my dates show numbers of bison and [ elk ] were expanding both before and during human colonisation ," guthrie explains . his radiocarbon research shows there was a 1000 - year difference between the demise of the wild horse and the woolly mammoth which guthrie says is inconsistent with other theories . instead , he suggests climate shifts transformed the dry , arid and cold region . the wetter , warmer summers led to changes in vegetation to which mammoths and wild horses could not adapt . " the new patterns of dates indicate a radical ecological sorting during a uniquely forage - rich transitional period , affecting all large mammals , including humans ," guthrie adds .