rungwecebus kipunji in the wild a new species of monkey identified in tanzania ' s highlands last year is an even more remarkable find than scientists once thought . it belongs to a new genus of animal , the first new living primate genus to be found in africa for 83 years , scientists report in the journal science . the new monkey , at first called the highland mangabey but now known as kipunji , is more closely related to baboons than to mangabey monkeys , but in fact deserves its own genus and species classification , the researchers report . so they have re - named it rungwecebus kipunji . " this is exciting news because it shows that the age of discovery is by no means over ," says william stanley , mammal collection manager at the field museum in chicago , which has a dead specimen of the greyish - brown monkey . " finding a new genus of the best - studied group of living mammals is a sobering reminder of how much we have to learn about our planet ' s biodiversity ," adds assistant professor link olson of the university of alaska museum , who worked with stanley and others on the report . the new african monkey , whose discovery was reported in science almost precisely a year ago , was originally placed in the genus lophocebus , commonly known as mangabeys . rare and shy , it was identified only by photographs . but then a farmer trapped one and it died and scientists could get a close look , including doing some dna testing . olson ' s genetic analysis showed the monkey is most closely related to baboons in the genus papio , and not to mangabeys . " had we gotten these surprising results based on a single gene , we ' d have been pretty skeptical , but each of the genes we analysed either firmly supported the grouping of kipunji with baboons or failed to support a close relationship between kipunji and other mangabeys ," olson says . almost a metre tall an adult kipunji is about 90 centimetres tall with a long tail , long greyish - brown fur , a black face , hands and feet . adults make a distinctive , loud , low - pitched ' honk - bark ' call . they live in mountainside trees at elevations of up to 2400 metres and eat leaves , shoots , flowers , bark , fruit , lichen , moss and invertebrates . the last new genus of african monkey to be named was allen ' s swamp monkey , discovered in 1907 but not recognised as a new genus until 1923 . " to find , in the 21st century , an entirely new species of large monkey living in the wild is surprising enough . to find one that can be placed in a new genus , and that sheds new light on the evolutionary history of the monkeys of africa and eurasia as a whole is truly remarkable ," says professor john oates , a professor of anthropology at hunter college in new york . " this discovery also reinforces the view that mountains in southern tanzania have played an important , and until recently unexpected , role as a refuge for many species long extinct elsewhere ."