maritime enthusiasts tried to relive captain cook ' s voyage to the pacific in a replica of his ship endeavour . but the replica ran aground in botany bay in april 2005 , the day before it was due to sail into sydney harbour . the ship is pictured here , sitting at the garden island naval dock , awaiting repairs captain james cook ' s endeavour , the 18th century ship he sailed on his epic voyage to australia , may be one of the four shipwrecks found off the coast of the us , archaeologists say . the ship is among four from a british fleet used during the us revolutionary war found off rhode island . researchers with the rhode island marine archaeology project say they believe the ships , and two others previously discovered , are part of a 13 - vessel transport fleet intentionally sunk by the british in newport harbor in 1778 to keep french ships from landing to aid the americans ' drive for independence . the archaeologists says one of the 13 ships in the sunken british fleet was the lord sandwich , which records show was once the endeavour , the vessel cook used to sail the pacific ocean , map new zealand and survey the eastern coast of australia in 1768 - 1771 . cook , acknowledged by historians as one of the greatest navigators of all time , is credited with surveying australia ' s east coast on the endeavour expedition . archaeologists say it is unclear which ship could be the endeavour . seven of the ships in the british fleet have not been found . but they say the latest find raises the chances that one of the discovered ships is the endeavour . " there is a 47 % chance that we have our hands on the endeavour ," says dk abbass , executive director of the rhode island marine archaeology project , a nonprofit organisation devoted to studying the state ' s maritime history . she adds it is unlikely anything on the ships would provide a direct link to cook . " quite frankly , we could be working on her right now and never be able to prove it ," abbass says . it may take years to fully investigate the shipwrecks found so far , abbass says . using historical materials and sonar , the archaeologists discovered the ships in narragansett bay , about about a kilometre off newport . divers found ballast piles about 9 to 11 metres underwater , with the ship ' s keel and other parts embedded in the sea floor . they also found at least one cannon , an anchor with a 5 metre shank and a cream - coloured fragment of an 18th century british ceramic teapot . historically , the finding is significant because it helps tell the story of the siege of newport , marking france ' s first attempt to aid the american insurrection against the british . though the effort failed , leaders from each side , george washington representing the americans and comte de rochambeau for america ' s french allies , met in newport two years later , to formalise their cooperation for subsequent battles . the french ultimately helped the americans entrap british forces on a peninsula at yorktown , virginia . " so , what you have here is the british are geared up for the colonial rebellion and now they ' re looking at an international conflict ," says rod mather , an associate professor of maritime history and underwater archaeology at the university of rhode island . the shipwrecks are rhode island property , abbass says . there are no plans to raise them . officials estimate more than two dozen ships from the revolutionary war period lie beneath rhode island ' s waters . they include british royal navy frigates , vessels from the continental navy and a french ship .