artificial sweeteners accelerate the emptying of the stomach and increase the rate at which alcohol is absorbed alcoholic drinks made with artificial sweeteners lead to a high rate of alcohol absorption , resulting in a greater blood alcohol concentration than from drinks made with sugar - based mixers , a new study has found . the reason , according to an australian team ' led by dr chris rayner of the royal adelaide hospital , is the accelerated emptying of the stomach caused by artificial sweetening agents . rayner presented his team ' s research at this week ' s digestive disease week meeting in los angeles . " today , more and more people are shifting personal preferences by choosing ' diet ' drinks as a healthier alternative ," says rayner . " what people do not understand is the potential side effects that diet mixed alcoholic drinks may have on their body ' s response to alcohol ." rayner and team studied eight healthy male volunteers . on one day , the subjects consumed an orange - flavoured vodka drink made from alcohol and a mixer sweetened with sugar containing 478 calories . on the second day , the men drank the same amount of alcohol with a diet mixer containing 225 calories . the researchers measured the rate of stomach emptying using ultrasound technology and took blood samples at 30 - minute intervals for three hours . the time to empty half of the diet drink from the stomach was 21 minutes , compared to regular drinks which took 36 minutes for the same degree of emptying . peak blood alcohol concentrations were substantially greater with diet drinks at an average of 0 . 05 %, while regular drinks measured at 0 . 03 % blood alcohol concentration . " it was surprising how much of a difference the artificial sweetener made ," rayner says . rayner says these drinks also tend to be consumed at times other than meal times , when food would slow gastric emptying . he recommends that product labelling include information on the intoxicating qualities of artificially sweetened alcoholic drinks . there could be legal implications for those driving home , as well , he notes .