before the big bang could have been a previous universe a lot like our own , that first collapsed and then inflated into the universe we have today the big bang may have been a big bounce , say theorists searching for what preceded the birth of our own universe . if their new mathematical simulations are correct , what came before the big bang was a previous universe a lot like our own . it collapsed on itself , then some weird physics caused it to inflate into the universe we have today . physicist dr abhay ashtekar of pennsylvania state university and team publish their results in a recent issue of physical review letters . what has blocked the pre - big bang view from theoreticians was the mathematical expression of what was happening - based on certain assumptions about space - time . the problem was the calculations kept ramming up against infinity . when that happens , equations fail . " it ' s like having an impenetrable wall ," says ashtekar . " when it comes to infinity we cannot , in physics , go beyond it ." space - time is a model that combines three - dimensional space and one - dimensional time into a single unit called the space - time continuum . in this continuum , time is considered the fourth dimension . what was becoming infinite in scientists ' calculations was the curvature of the space - time continuum as you near the time when everything in the universe and all the gravity was concentrated into a single point . gravity shreds fabric of space - time the pre - big bang gravity basically shredded the space - time fabric and left only the physics of atoms - quantum physics - to work with . to peer into that unimaginable crush , ashtekar and colleagues started gain without assuming that the " fabric " of space - time continuum existed in the earliest moments of the universe . " the general belief is that the continuum may be just an approximation ," says ashtekar . " this is something even einstein said ." instead , the team applied what ' s called loop quantum gravity , a strategy that has been developed to join quantum physics with einstein ' s general relativity . quantum theory suggests big crunch according to loop quantum gravity , the fabric of space is made of discrete and identical one - dimensional quantum threads . at the big bang , the fabric is a shredded mess and only these threads can be followed further back . using this concept , the researchers concluded that a previous universe collapsed in on itself in a gigantic gravitational big crunch . then , when the density of that crunch reached super astronomical values , gravity flipped into a repulsive force - another weird outcome of this physics - and inflated the new universe in which we live . " it ' s long been speculated that as you get to the big bang , quantum theory was going to be important ," says physicist dr jorge pullin of louisiana state university . it ' s also been speculated that if you could work out the equations , you ' d probably see that the big bang was a big bounce , he says . but this is the first time that anyone has actually done a thorough job working through the physics back through the big bang , he says . previous universe elusive as for what it tells us about the previous universe , it ' s not much , says pullin . " the only thing you can conclude is that the bounce occurs ," he says . that ' s not to say we will never learn more about the earlier universe . astronomers are discovering patterns in the cosmic background radiation that appear to be the inflated remnants of electron - sized irregularities in the first instant of the big bang . could those irregularities , combined with loop quantum gravity , reveal patterns inherited from the earlier universe ? " there may be certain hints left behind ," says pullin .