the number 666 is associated with satan and may people believe it is a bad omen today is the sixth day of the sixth month of the year 2006 . boil it down and you ' ve got 666 , the number of the beast according to the bible ' s book of revelation , which prophecies the end of the world . but if the date is enough to send you scurrying under your bedcovers , you may be a victim of what an australian expert describes as a cognitive virus . professor john bigelow , an expert in superstition and pseudoscience from melbourne ' s monash university , says the number traditionally has a dark significance for occultists , alchemists , heretics and people of a superstitious bent . " they ' re a bit like a cognitive virus ," he says of superstitions . " like computer viruses , they get into people ' s brains , they cause people to pass them onto someone else ... and the person who hears them finds it difficult to get them out of their mind . " but i think it ' s better not to suppress them . [ superstitions ] are like the flu , they need to be managed ." the mythology of 666 goes back to chapter 13 in revelation , the apocalyptic final book of the new testament , which states " let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast ... his number is six hundred threescore and six ". bigelow says much of the imagery in revelation has a schizophrenic quality and is often invoked by people with schizophrenia . but he says it ' s impossible to say whether the author , john of patmos , or st john the apostle , suffered from schizophrenia or delusional thinking . macquarie university ' s professor max coltheart , an australian cognitive neuropsychologist , says being superstitious about 666 doesn ' t necessarily add up to a delusion . " if you believe something that people around you don ' t believe in , and there ' s no evidence for it , that ' s a good working definition of delusion ," he says . " if it ' s in the bible someone might call that evidence ." associate professor of anthropology phillips stevens of the university at buffalo in new york , says fears of 666 are actually based on a misinterpretation of the bible . he says the beast referred to in chapter 13 isn ' t satan but several entities . " biblical scholars have pointed out there are several beasts in chapter 13 and elsewhere , and they all refer variously to rome , roman emperors and roman cults of god and emperor worship ," he says . " john of patmos ... was writing to other persecuted christians in code ." perfect numbers six also has significance because it is the first perfect number , says bigelow . perfect numbers , which are rare , are the sum of their factors , for example , 6 = 1 + 2 + 3 and it can be divided by one , two and three . the next perfect numbers are 28 ( 1 + 2 + 4 + 7 + 14 ), 496 and 8128 . the 666 combination also occurred in 1666 , the year of the great fire of london . however , this also marked the year in which sir isaac newton published his law of gravity , leading it to be dubbed the annus mirabilis . conjuring up thoughts of doom , satan and rampaging evil in relation to a number is an example of magical thinking , stevens says , where things associated with good things bring food fortune and things associated with disastrous events bring negative consequences . but bigelow says magical thought can have benefits that science doesn ' t . " science is not tapping into our emotional nature whereas superstitions are a reflection of something about us ," he says . " it may be a mistake to think you can control the world by projecting your own associations onto it , to turn it into science , but it ' s not a mistake to register that we do have these deep correspondences among our ideas ."