planemos , short for planetary mass objects , are a cross between a star and a planet . astronomers compare them with a brown dwarf , seen here surrounded by a swirling mass of planet - forming dust and gas too lightweight to be stars but bigger than most planets , a handful of hot young free - floating objects have the raw materials to make their own mini - planetary systems , astronomers say . these so - called planemos have discs of cosmic dust and gas circling them , just like some young stars . these kinds of discs contain the ingredients for planets ; astronomers believe earth and the other planets in our solar system were forged from such a disc . but planemos , short for planetary mass objects , are unlike normal planets because they do not orbit stars , says associate professor ray jayawardhana of the university of toronto . he and other researchers present their findings at a meeting of the american astronomical society in calgary , canada . " these things are not orbiting a star . they ' re by themselves ," jayawardhana says . the researchers detected four newborn planemos , just a few million years old , in a star - forming region about 450 light - years from earth , a relative stone ' s throw in cosmic terms . a light - year is about 10 trillion kilometres , the distance light travels in a year . all four of these objects had dust discs around them , the astronomers report . scientists also found a disc - skirted planemo interacting with a brown dwarf , a failed star , even closer to earth , just 170 light - years away . such a planet - sized object might have been expected to be pulled into orbit around the brown dwarf , but instead the two revolve around each other , and both have the makings for more satellites . an eternal freeze these objects , with several times the mass of the giant planet jupiter but 100 times less massive than our sun , are cosmic infants only a few million years old . even jupiter had a disc when it was young , and its dozens of moons were formed from the dust and gas it contained . but earth ' s rocky moon was probably born when our world collided with another heavenly body early on , and mars ' moons were asteroids captured by the planet ' s gravity . planemos are a relatively new player on the cosmic scene , filling the gap between the least massive stars and the most massive planets , jayawardhana says . " these are the lowest - mass brown dwarfs or really big giant planets , especially when they ' re young ," he says . when young , planemos are still warmed by the heat of formation and are more like stars , he says . but as they age , these planet - esque objects shrink and cool . other researchers do not use the term ' planet ' to describe any satellites that might be formed around a planemo , referring to these as moons or moonlets . if such bodies do form , they would be inhospitable to earth - type life . if a satellite formed very close to a young planemo , it might be temporarily warm enough for liquid water to exist . but jayawardhana acknowledges that in the long run , life would have dim prospects . " any kind of planet that forms around them is committed to an eternal freeze ," he says .