if all the earth ' s gold was on the surface we could be " knee - deep in the stuff ", says researcher there ' s enough gold buried deep within the earth ' s core to cover the entire land surface of the planet to a depth of half a metre , an australian researcher says . professor bernard wood , a geologist from macquarie university , in sydney made his remarkable calculations based on research published in today ' s issue of the journal nature . wood and colleagues chart the early history of our earth ' s development starting with the birth of the solar system more than 4 . 5 billion years ago . in particular they focus on the formation of earth ' s molten metal core . " by looking at other stars that are currently at the state our sun was in then , we can see that they are surrounded by a flattened disc of dust and gas ," wood says . " we know that within about 10 , 000 years these formed into small bodies that were about 10 kilometres across ." radioactive dating has shown that over the next 100 , 000 to one million years , those small " planetesimals " collided to form moon - to - mars sized planetary embryos . within 10 to 100 million years , larger planets had formed . " in the case of earth , it was around 30 million years ," wood says . magma ocean early in its history , the earth was probably covered in a sea of molten rock , hundreds of kilometres deep . during the planet ' s development , this " magma ocean " reacted with metals in the planetesimals , extracting many of the most important and interesting elements , including gold , and eventually depositing them in the earth ' s own iron - rich core . to calculate how much gold was in the earth ' s core wood compared the composition of the earth ' s crust with that of meteorites , which can be used to represent planetesimals . he and other researchers have found that the meteorites had similar levels of all elements that would not normally dissolve in iron . but they also noted that meteorites had higher levels of elements such as gold , platinum and nickel . " this tells us that the earth is chemically very similar to those meteorites , but the earth ' s crust is depleted in all those elements that like to dissolve in iron ," wood says . there ' s only one place those elements can have gone - the molten core . " we can say that more than 99 % of the earth ' s gold is in the core ," wood says . " it ' s a nice image to think we could all step outside and be knee - deep in the stuff ."