hwang woo - suk south korea ' s disgraced cloning expert hwang woo - suk went on trial this week on fraud , embezzlement and ethical charges related to his faked stem cell research . hwang , once referred to as south korea ' s " supreme scientist ", was indicted on may 12 with five other scientists on charges in connection with the bogus research and the disappearance of millions of dollars in donations . during the hearing , prosecutors accused hwang of fabricating research data to obtain millions of dollars in funds . " this is a unique fraud case in the academic world . he deceived our people and the world and embezzled research funds by using fabricated data ," they said in a statement . some 100 supporters of hwang disrupted the hearing with boos and shouts despite the presence of dozens of police inside and outside the court . several times presiding judge hwang hyon - joo had to call the hearing to order and demand silence from the public . apology hwang apologised through his lawyer while admitting he was partly responsible for the fradulent stem - cell research featured in the 2004 and 2005 papers published in the us journal science . " hwang neglected his duty to oversee his research team ," the lawyer said . hwang , 52 , became a national hero when he claimed that he had created 11 patient - specific stem cells in landmark research on cloning . but a panel of experts at seoul national university , where hwang worked as a professor , concluded in january that the stem - cell claims were bogus . prosecutors said they had confirmed that hwang ' s claims regarding stem cells were fraudulent . specifically , they confirmed the academic panel ' s conclusion that no cloned stem cells of any kind were ever created by hwang . if convicted on all charges , hwang could face up to five years in prison , legal experts said . the trial is expected to wrap up next month . stem cells are master cells that have the potential to develop into any organ of the body . scientists believe they could be used to fight illnesses including cancer , diabetes and alzheimer ' s disease .