a breast cancer cell : around 5 % to 10 % of breast cancers are inherited a new gene has been identified that can greatly raise the risk of breast cancer in women of european heritage , say researchers . a team at iceland ' s biopharmaceutical company , decode genetics , in reykjavic reports their finding in the online journal public library of science medicine . it says the new gene , called bard1 , works in tandem with the well - known brca1 and brca2 genes to raise the risk of breast cancer by as much as 80 %. " the bard1 variant works together with the brca2 mutation in iceland and increases the likelihood of breast cancer from 45 % in those who have only the brca2 mutation up towards 100 % in those who also have the bard1 variant ," says decode chief executive kari stefansson . and women with the bard1 variant who develop breast cancer are more likely to have tumours in both breasts , stefansson said . cancer genes breast cancer is known to run in families and has a genetic component , although most cases occur in people with no family history of the disease . several genes are known to be involved , including the brca1 and brca2 genes , p53 and others . the known brca1 and brca2 mutations only account for about 3 % of all cases of the disease . the decode team is trying to find other genes that work with these genes . they found 1 , 090 women in iceland who had breast cancer , and compared them to 703 icelandic women who did not . the company has a database carrying the genetic profiles of virtually everyone in iceland . a certain bard1 mutation was found in 5 . 4 % of breast cancer patients and 3 . 1 % of women who did not have breast cancer - an 80 % increase in risk , the researchers say . simply having the bard1 mutation was not especially dangerous to a woman , but women who had it and a specific mutation on brca2 had a " dramatic " risk of breast cancer , the researchers say , adding it may be worth developing a test for that particular combination . many on the research team are employees of decode genetics and / or have stock or equity interests in the company . mutation in italian and finnish families too this bard1 mutation has been found in italian and finnish families with a history of breast and ovarian cancer . it has not been found in people of chinese , japanese , african - american and yoruban descent , the researchers add . " therefore , the variant may be restricted to individuals with european ancestry and could contribute to the higher load of breast cancer seen in this group ," they say . " however , other bard1 variants have been discovered in african - american and japanese individuals . the contribution of these variants to the risk of disease is still uncertain ." breast cancer is the second leading cause of cancer deaths among women after lung cancer , affecting 1 . 2 million women globally and killing more than 400 , 000 every year , according to the international agency for research on cancer .