tiny cleaner fish grooming a large client fish fish who visit mobile ' cleaning stations ' to get their parasites removed , check out the cleaner fish on duty first to make sure they get the most trustworthy fish for the job . dr alexandra grutter and colleagues from the university of queensland ' s school of integrative biology report their experiments with the great barrier reef coral reef cleaner fish ( labroides dimidiatus ), in today ' s issue of the journal nature . a cleaner fish spends most of its day eating parasites off other ' client ' fish . but cleaners are tempted to cheat at their cleaning job because they would much rather eat the sticky mucous lining that covers their clients , instead of the parasites . so how do client fish get cleaner fish to eat against their natural food preference and establish a cooperative cleaning - feeding service ? grutter says the answer lies in the fact that client fish watch cleaners while they are with other clients to see who is doing a good job to judge who to use themselves . fish care about their image grutter used an aquarium - based experiment in which client fish were offered the choice of interacting with two cleaner fish : one that displayed parasite - eating behaviour , and one that did not . given the choice between two such cleaners , clients preferred to spend time close to the parasite - eating cleaner . and cleaner fish were more likely to do the right thing when they were being observed by other clients than when they were alone with one client . the researchers think the client fish build up a social image of the cleaners they observe , and choose to allow those that score highly to feed on them . grutter says cleaners learned to be more cooperative when they were having their image scored , compared to when they weren ' t . " these results explain why cleaner fish feed against their preference ," she says . the finding shows that complex social networks exist in the aquatic world , and helps set the stage for the evolution of altruism and reputation , the researchers say .