nasa says another major incident in launching the space shuttle would cast doubts on the program nasa is ready for a second - and likely last - attempt to recover from the 2003 columbia disaster and resume construction of the half - built international space station . after more than three years and us $ 1 . 3 billion since the columbia accident , the countdown has begun for the launch of the space shuttle discovery at 5 : 49 am sunday australian eastern standard time . " everyone ' s been excited and kind of anxious to get into a launch countdown ," nasa test director jeff spaulding said at a press conference this week . " they ' ve worked hard to get us to this point ." nasa ' s chief says it ' s time to move , despite objections from key safety and engineering officials who unsuccessfully argued for additional modifications before discovery flies . nasa administrator mike griffin acknowledges he is taking a chance , but not with the lives of the astronauts , who could stay aboard the station for nearly three months while they wait for a new ride home if discovery should suffer columbia - like damage during its liftoff . in 2003 columbia was struck by a chunk of foam weighing nearly a kilogram that fell off its external fuel tank and smashed into its left wing . the damage was undetected until after the shuttle broke apart as it flew through the atmosphere for landing 16 days later . all seven astronauts aboard died . some foam loss still expected last year , nasa flew its first mission since the accident , testing not only a new tank design , but also a myriad of inflight inspection techniques , heat shield repair materials and other safety improvements . large pieces of foam insulation again fell off the tank and the fleet was grounded again . nasa still expects some foam loss , particularly from areas that cover metal brackets holding pressurisation lines and a box of cables to the outside of the tank . but any flyaway foam is expected to be too small to do damage , shuttle managers said . with the fleet ' s 2010 retirement date looming and plans to build a new vehicle to transport crews and cargo to the station and eventually the moon , nasa has neither the time nor money to handle more serious shuttle problems . " if we have another major incident in launching the space shuttle , i would not wish to continue with the program ," griffin said . equipment and supplies launching will be only the beginning . the shuttle is scheduled to dock at the space station two days later to deliver more than 2 , 000 kilograms of equipment and supplies , as well as a new crewmember , european astronaut thomas reiter . the station has been operating with just two - man crews since columbia ' s demise to save on supplies while the shuttle , which delivers the bulk of the station ' s cargo , was grounded . the most critical equipment includes replacement parts for the station ' s mobile transporter , which was shut down after it inadvertently severed a set of cables that provide power , video and data . without the transporter , which is a small cart that runs along tracks on the outside the station to move equipment to various work sites , station assembly cannot continue . one of up to three spacewalks planned during the flight is devoted to repairing the transporter . astronauts piers sellers and michael fossum are also scheduled to test an extension to the shuttle ' s 15 - metre - long robotic arm to see if it is stable enough to serve as a work platform for emergency inflight heat shield repairs on currently inaccessible parts of the shuttle .