only 30 % of people surveyed felt comfortable with gm plants for food and only 18 % felt comfortable with gm animals for food australians are becoming more comfortable with new technologies like stem cell research but still have strong reservations about genetically modified foods , a new survey shows . the survey , conducted by the australian centre for emerging technologies and society at swinburne university in melbourne , asked more than 1000 people about their views on emerging technologies . " overall , australians are optimistic about science and technology ," says professor michael gilding , director of the centre that conducted the survey , the swinburne national technology and science monitor . the poll has been conducted each year since 2003 and the latest results were gathered in 2005 . " the interesting thing about the last three years is that people seem to be becoming more comfortable with the technologies that we ' ve been monitoring ," gilding says . on the subject of stem cell research , australians seem to be more comfortable compared to 2004 , the survey shows . research conducted in public institutes garnered a higher approval rating , and men tended to be more comfortable than women with the research . but when the respondents were asked about genetically modified crops or animals , their reaction was decidedly more negative . " that was the stand - out from our point of view ," gilding says . " overall , people are still very uncomfortable with those technologies ." only 30 % said they were comfortable with gm plants for food , the researchers found . when respondents were asked to rate their comfort level with gm crops , they gave an average score of 3 . 9 on a scale where zero was ' not at all comfortable ' and 10 represented ' very comfortable '. the survey also found that just 18 % of people were comfortable with genetically modifying animals for food , giving an average score of 3 . 1 out of a possible 10 . in the end , people are probably weighing the perceived risks of gm foods against their benefits , gilding suggests . " i suppose the bottom line is that they don ' t see any benefit for themselves ." craig cormick , manager of public awareness for the government ' s biotechnology australia , says that broad questions about attitudes to gm food can miss subtleties in the way people think about the issue . for example , individuals will view the risks and benefits of gm foods differently depending on the food , he says . " attitudes to gm wheat will be different to doughnuts with gm soy in them ." in other findings , the survey showed that 80 % of people agreed that science and technology are continuously improving our quality of life . this figure has been consistently high since the first survey in 2003 . respondents also said they most strongly trusted science information they get from the csiro , universities , hospitals and scientists . in general , they did not trust the media .