these dodo bones , found recently on the island of mauritius , tell a different story of how these birds became extinct scientists who unearthed a mass dodo grave in mauritius say they have found evidence showing a natural disaster killed the birds long before humans arrived on the indian ocean island . most theories about how the dodo became extinct blame early settlers who found the plump flightless bird in the 16th century and hunted it relentlessly . now , researchers say there may have been additional reasons for the dodo ' s demise . " there are indications that the fossil - rich layer represents the result of natural disaster wiping out a significant part of the dodo - ecotope ," the researchers say . while the latest find does not disprove the human theory , the scientists are convinced there was a mass dodo death , possibly caused by a cyclone or flood , pre - dating the arrival of humans , says christian foo kune , of the sugar estate where the remains were found . " the fact that there are such a wide range of animals there , small and big ones , suggests that there was a sudden natural disaster ," he says . " the mass grave also shows no domestic animals , so it is prior to the arrival of man ." the bones were thought to be at least 500 years old , he adds . " we could be talking about a cyclone or repeated cyclones , flooding or a sudden rise in [ sea ] water levels that trapped the animals there ," he says . the scientists from the dodo research programme last month recovered a wealth of dodo remains and fossils of other animals and plants , including now - extinct mauritian giant tortoises , parrots and tree seeds , from a sugar estate in the southeast . researchers on the project say the fossils should enable them to reconstruct the dodo ' s world in the 10 , 000 years before humans found the bird and determine what caused it to die out . foo kune says that as the deaths at his site occurred before the final extinction of the dodo more than two centuries later , the scientists believe it does not rule out the idea that bird became extinct by human causes . portuguese sailors first visited mauritius in the 16th century , and dutch settlers colonised it the following century , which is when the dodo died out . unused to predators , the dodos were not frightened of the human settlers who hunted it and destroyed the forests that provided its habitat . passing ships also brought rats , which ate the birds ' eggs located in nests on the ground .