current tests for bse need brain or other tissue samples . but new research suggests that bse leaves its mark in the blood , paving the way for a blood test tests in hamsters suggest it may be possible to develop a blood test for mad cow and related diseases in both humans and animals before they develop symptoms , researchers report . the study , published in the journal science , also suggests that the damaged brain cells may ' leak ' the infectious prions that cause the diseases , offering a chance to detect the disease in blood . such a test would allow animals to be checked before they enter the food supply . it could also screen people , including blood or organ donors , for the rare but devastating creutzfeldt - jakob disease or cjd , and its close cousin , vcjd , the researchers say . current tests require brain or other tissue samples . mad cow disease , formally known as bovine spongiform encephalopathy or bse , is part of the family of prion diseases that also includes scrapie in sheep , chronic wasting disease in deer and elk , and cjd in people . bse emerged in britain in the 1980s and swept through dairy herds . some people who ate infected beef products developed a form of cjd called variant or vcjd and at least 191 cases have been identified , mostly in the uk . people can have cjd before they know it and in a few suspected cases , blood and organ donors may have unwittingly infected others . silent phase professor claudio soto of the university of texas medical branch at galveston and colleagues infected hamsters with prions , the misfolded nerve proteins believed to cause the diseases , and then tested blood at various times . they invented a technique known as protein misfolding cyclic amplification to accelerate the process by which prions convert normal proteins to misshapen infectious forms . " with this method , for the first time we have detected prions in what we call the silent phase of infection , which in humans can last up to 40 years ," soto says . soto and his university have formed a company , called amprion , to commercially develop the test . timing is crucial the test may need to be used at precise times , the researchers say . it worked best in hamsters 40 days after infection . it did not detect prions 80 days after infection . then at 114 days , after the hamsters started showing symptoms , the blood test again revealed prions . " it has been reported that large quantities of [ infectious prions ] appear in the brain only a few weeks before the onset of clinical signs ," the researchers write . heart disease a second study in science shows that mice infected with prions develop heart disease similar to a type known as amyloid heart disease in people . dr bruce chesebro of the national institutes of health and colleagues say these diseases are marked by waxy protein deposits that stiffen the heart , limit its pumping ability and typically lead to fatal heart stoppage . " although several types of protein are known to form heart amyloid , this is the first time prion protein amyloid has been found in heart muscle and also found to cause heart malfunction ," chesebro says .