a loophole in how people set up voip accounts for internet telephony is allowing fraudsters to scam people ' s bank account details fraudsters have been sending people emails asking them to phone their bank as part of a novel way of stealing account details known as ' vishing ', security experts say . internet fraud dubbed ' phishing ', where email recipients are directed to a fake website seeking their financial details , has been around for several years . but government officials and security experts are warning about vishing , after a recent case of attempted fraud against a californian bank . as opposed to phishing , vishing relies on voice over internet protocol ( voip ) telephony , a way of using the net to make cheap phonecalls . the perpetrators take advantage of a quirk in voip that allows subscribers to have a telephone number that appears to be based in a city , such as los angeles , even though they may be anywhere in the world . " it ' s a fairly new phenomenon . we ' re aware of reports they have been occurring ," says lisa hone , the assistant director of the us federal trade commission ' s consumer protection bureau . the perpetrator or group behind the emails sent to customers of the santa barbara bank and trust in california last month have yet to be caught , but the bank has alerted its customers to the scam . the email sent to the bank ' s customers preyed on potential victims by requesting they call an apparent local telephone number to clear up an account problem . any customers who called the telephone number would have heard a recorded message urging them to enter their account number , according to internet security firm websense . dan hubbard , vice president for security research at websense , says the group alerted the bank , a unit of pacific capital bancorp . pacific bancorp could not be reached for comment , but the bank ' s website has alerted its customers to the scheme . " it ' s definitely a new trend . it is growing , but it is not nearly as big as the threat of [ fake ] websites or criminal activity through malicious code ; we ' re talking tens of thousands versus a handful ," hubbard says . online auctions affected too but he says similar scams have been attempted against users of the online payments company paypal , and on the online auction group ebay . uk - based internet security firm sophos issued an alert earlier this month about a vishing scheme targeting paypal . " as hackers get smarter we are likely to see them increasingly not only set up fake websites , but ' harvest ' messages from corporate switchboard systems to appear even more like the legitimate company ," says graham cluley , a senior technology consultant at sophos . a voip - based fraud can be set up fairly simply , according to security experts . there are relatively few companies that currently offer such internet - based telephone services , and fewer checks are generally required compared to opening an account with a traditional telephone company . false voicemail essentially , a fraudster signs up for a voip account , sets up a voicemail recorded message system , mimicking that of an actual bank or other company , then mass emails consumers urging them to call the false number . hone says the scam , as in the california case , can appear legitimate to unsuspecting consumers because voip accounts can be set up with local telephone codes of a user ' s choice in a variety of cities or states . " one voip account can have numbers all over the country , the code makes it look more real , and set - up is easy ," hone says .