exposure to cosmic radiation and microgravity is expected to generate super - seeds and super - plants china plans to blast seeds into space in a novel way of boosting the nation ' s food production , reports say . scientists hope that exposure to cosmic radiation and microgravity will cause genetic mutations in the seeds that will improve crop yield back on earth . some 2000 seeds will go into orbit as part of a two - week mission aboard a recoverable satellite , shijian - 8 , the china daily newspaper reports . this is set to be launched by a long march 2c rocket in early september . the ' seed satellite ' will enable scientists to try to cultivate high - yield and high - quality plants , sun laiyan , head of the china national space administration , told the paper . " exposed to special environments such as cosmic radiation and microgravity , some seeds will mutate to such an extent that they may produce much higher yields and improved quality ," the paper says . nine categories of seeds , including grains , cash crops and forage plants will be aboard the satellite , it says . china has been experimenting with space - bred seeds for years , with rice and wheat exposed to the universe resulting in increased yields , the paper says . space - bred tomato and green pepper seeds have resulted in harvests 10 - 20 % larger than ordinary seeds , while vegetables grown from space - bred seeds have a higher vitamin content , it adds . however the satellite to be launched in september will be the first dedicated specifically for seeds . china ' s space seed experiments come as the nation seeks ways to feed its 1 . 3 billion people amid a rapid decline in farming land due to swift industrialisation . the nation has pursued some forms of genetically modified crops , with gmo tomatoes , soy beans and corn already in production . china is also mulling plans to approve the production of genetically modified rice . ' scotty ' revisits final frontier in other space news , the remains of actor james doohan , who played scotty on star trek , will be blasted into space in october , the company organising the flight says . the actor who inspired the catchphrase " beam me up , scotty ", even though it was never actually uttered on the show , died a year ago at the age of 85 . houston - based company space services originally planned to blast doohan ' s remains into space last year but the flight was delayed to allow more tests on the rocket . the company previously blasted the remains of star trek creator gene roddenberry into space in 1997 .