humpback whales shed skin in the water , which scientists scoop up in a kitchen sieve and analyse researchers may one - day be able to tell how old a whale is by looking for clues in its sloughed - off skin . news of this noninvasive method , which relies on examining the tips of chromosomes , is published today in the journal nature . scientists are interested in finding out the age of individual whales to assess the impact of decades of commercial whaling and to learn about mating tactics and behaviour . some whales can be aged by studying their teeth . but humpback whales don ' t have any so are aged by counting layers in their ear wax instead , a procedure that can only be performed on a dead whale . now researchers from the whale research centre at australia ' s southern cross university are developing another method . they trail behind the mammals in a boat . they then use a kitchen sieve tied to the end of a stick to scoop up flakes of skin , which can be the size of a hand . the skin is shed naturally when the whales soar out of the water or slap their tails onto the surface . the researchers believe they may be able to develop a system to work out a whale ' s age by removing genetic material from the skin samples . clues in the chromosomes they are studying the tips of chromosomes known as telomeres , which whittle away over time in some animals , like a countdown timer . by measuring the length of these telomeres and comparing that with a known rate of shortening , the researchers hope to estimate a whale ' s age . there are many hurdles to overcome , researchers admit . for instance no - one knows for certain whether all whales have telomeres that shorten with time . and not all skin flakes yield enough genetic material to analyse . then the researchers have to calibrate their methods against whales of a known age . but the nature report indicates that preliminary reports are encouraging . " if they are right , one of the key arguments in favour of killing whales for scientific purposes will be dead in the water ," the report says . the researchers say the need for humane methods to age whales is now urgent , since japan has declared it will increase its annual catch of whales for " research purposes ", the report says . the international whaling commission imposed a moratorium on commercial whaling in 1986 but japan has continued hunting for what it calls scientific research .