a gm corn that could soon be approved for human consumption in australia and new zealand might produce similar toxins to those of concern in cooked red meat , say some scientists australia and new zealand ' s food regulator is failing to apply its own safety standards , or those of international guidelines , in assessing a new - generation gm corn for human consumption , critics say . but food standards australia new zealand ( fsanz ) defends its so - far favourable assessment of the high - lysine corn , which it says is intended for animal feed and is unlikely to enter the human food chain . the centre for integrated research on biosafety at the university of canterbury has twice formally notified fsanz of its concerns about the gm corn , ly038 , which has been engineered to contain a bacterial gene that allows the accumulation of high levels of lysine . " among the types of potential hazards that this food poses are the creation of compounds that are known to be associated with important diseases like diabetes , alzheimer ' s , heart disease and cancer ," says centre director associate professor jack heinemann . heinemann says while the compounds , advanced glycoxidation endproducts ( ages ), are also produced when cooking conventional foods , he is concerned about potential levels in ly038 corn . he says corn is normally extremely low in the compounds that combine to create ages . but he says higher - than - normal levels of lysine in the ly038 and high sugar levels , combining under heat , have the potential to raise age levels . "[ ly038 ] has the potential to produce 100 times more [ ages ] than normal corn ," says heinemann . draft approval by fsanz in march this year fsanz recommended ly038 be approved as safe for human consumption in a report to its board . " food derived from corn line ly038 is as safe and wholesome as food derived from other corn varieties ," the report says . but the necessary tests to prove the corn is safe for humans have not been done , says heinemann , a geneticist and former us national institutes of health scientist . he says ly038 is the first of a new - generation of gm foods being specifically designed to be nutritionally different from their conventional counterpart . and fsanz ' s decision could set a precedent on how such foods are assessed . tests of cooked corn ? heinemann says fsanz only considered safety tests that looked at raw and not cooked corn . but the international standards - setting body codex alimentarius recommends heating , cooking and processing conditions be applied to gm material in an assessment of their safety for human food , says heinemann . he also says fsanz only considered 21 - day animal studies and not longer ones , which might have picked up diseases like cancer . heinemann says fsanz should also look into human feeding studies . lastly , heinemann criticises fsanz ' s decision to compare the composition of the corn to another gm corn rather than its non - gm parent variety , as recommended by its own advice , and by codex . safety assessment defended fsanz says testing was adequate . " we are satisfied that we have all the scientific information necessary to make a sound decision on the safety and nutritional adequacy of high lysine corn ly308 ," it says . " we have considered the potential for production of ages , but have no concerns ." fsanz says codex only asks regulators to consider testing heated or processed gm foods . but as the raw corn has much lower levels of lysine compared to other foods regularly consumed , fsanz did not consider the tests necessary . it also says the gm corn used for comparison was a " better comparator than the non - gm parental line ". fsanz says it assessed the corn as if it was any other gm food . " the safety assessment conducted on ly038 is as rigorous and thorough as for any gm food product , and assumes that if approved , corn from line ly038 could be routinely entering the food supply and not present just as an occasional inadvertent ingredient ," states fsanz ' s report . will it enter the human food supply ? fsanz also says the corn is " unlikely " to end up in human food and is only being assessed as a precaution in case of an accidental mix - up . one such mix - up occurred in 2000 , when starlink gm corn , also intended for animal feed , became mixed in the us food chain . because it was not registered for human consumption the contamination affected exports and cost the manufacturer a $ 100 million in lost sales . canada approved the use of ly038 in the human food supply last month . the fsanz board is due to consider the corn in late september .