could epstein - barr virus be transmitted via sex as well as kissing ? sex may increase the odds of contracting the glandular fever virus , a uk study suggests . this means that doctors and patients may have to rethink what they currently call the ' kissing disease '. the findings would also have implications for the vaccines now being tested against epstein - barr virus ( ebv ), which causes the disease . the study into this common condition in young people , also known as mononucleosis , is published in the journal clinical infectious diseases . of 510 college students who were initially free of ebv , nearly half became infected with the virus over the next three years , with sexually active students being at greater risk . students who said they ' d had intercourse during the study were more likely to become infected than those who reported no romantic relationships , as well as those whose relationships were limited to kissing and petting . the findings suggest that sexual intercourse itself makes ebv transmission more likely , according to the study authors , led by dr dorothy crawford of the university of edinburgh . most adults worldwide are infected with ebv , which , after first infecting a person , remains dormant in the body for life . most of the time , the initial infection causes no apparent symptoms , especially when it ' s contracted in childhood . but in developed countries infection often doesn ' t occur until adolescence or young adulthood , when it ' s more likely to make people sick . glandular fever is marked by often prolonged fever , fatigue , sore throat and swollen lymph nodes . according to crawford ' s team , the new findings suggest that sexually active teens and adults may be exposed to a larger dose of ebv through particularly ' deep ' kissing , or possibly through genital fluids , which can carry the virus . if a large viral load increases the odds of developing glandular fever , the researchers note , then an ebv vaccine may be successful even if it merely decreases the amount of ebv in the body rather than providing complete immunity . " we suggest that a vaccine that reduces the level of viral infection and / or replication during primary infection could be sufficient to prevent [ glandular fever ]," the researchers conclude .