a page from the archimedes palimpsest viewed by x - ray showing the hidden text ancient writings by the legendary greek mathematician archimedes have been revealed for the first time in 1000 years . scientists at the stanford university linear accelerator center used an intense x - ray to reveal the text as part of an ongoing study of the famous scholar ' s hidden work . the writings were recently revealed as part of a live webcast , which has been archived and can be viewed here . " we ' re getting a vastly better understanding of one of the greatest minds of all times ," says uwe bergmann , a scientist involved in the project . " we are also showing it is possible to read completely hidden texts in ancient documents without harming them ," bergmann adds . the document in this case is the archimedes palimpsest , a goatskin parchment upon which a scribe copied seven important treatises of the greek scholar , who lived from 287 - 212 bc . the hidden text was part of a work archimedes called the method of mechanical theorems , which proved to contain diagrams , equations and previously unknown letters . historians are surprised that the manuscript even exists . someone may have rescued the original papyrus version when the royal library at alexandria , which contained monumental works by scholars from the ancient world , suffered a series of fires beginning around 89 bc . many scientists believe that if all of the works of early scientists and mathematicians had survived , greater progress would have been possible during the renaissance , as academics wouldn ' t have had to rediscover principles already documented . it will take some time to determine , exactly , what the newly unveiled text means . but the rest of the document contains some of the earliest known references to geometry , physics and the concept of infinity , which later contributed to the invention of calculus . it also describes a puzzle game that was somewhat similar to rubik ' s cube . in the 13th century , greek monks recycled the parchment into a prayer book . then 10th century forgers painted gold foil imagery onto the recycled pages in an effort to increase the manuscript ' s value . as a result , archimedes ' original text is buried beneath both the gold image and the prayers . only the underside of the parchment hints at its original content . the manuscript ' s owner , who wishes to remain anonymous , paid u $ 2 million for the document at auction in 1998 . two conservators recently brought the rare text to california for the x - ray scan . " to my knowledge , this is the first time the stanford equipment will be used for such an application ," says mary miller , a science producer at san francisco ' s exploratorium museum , which hosted the event . miller says that the high - tech equipment is often used to study photosynthesis in leaves at the molecular level . the powerful device is now tuned to read iron , which was in the ancient scribe ' s ink . iron atoms have 26 electrons orbiting around a nucleus . the x - ray beam literally knocks out one of the electrons in the iron atom ' s innermost orbit . another electron then replaces the missing one , but it has less energy because the nuclear bond is not as tight . the lost energy emitted by the replacement electrons results in the signature x - ray glow .