the invasive red corals are crowding out the native cream ones polluted water helps exotic species to invade marine areas , an australian scientist has found . these exotics can become tolerant to metals like copper , which gives them a selective advantage over native species . marine ecologist dr emma johnston , of the university of new south wales , presented her team ' s research at the recent australian marine sciences association conference in cairns . scientists know that ships inadvertently transport marine organisms all over the world , allowing a relatively small number of ' weedy ' exotic species to crowd out more diverse communities of native species . " there ' s a problem with the homogenisation of the world ' s biota where places such as harbours and bays are becoming more and more similar to each other ," says johnston . but what helps these alien species to take root in their new found home ? what evolutionary advantage do they have over the natives ? studying polluted waters around sydney , johnston and team have found that exotic invaders , like the notorious red bryozoans ( lace corals ), thrive in copper - polluted water . " we ' ve now got the first data that some of these introduced species are really highly tolerant of copper ," says johnston . copper pollutes waterways from urban and industrial run - off , mining activity and sewage . but interestingly , copper is also the main component of anti - fouling paints that are on the bottom of ships . and johnston says this is acting as a selective pressure to deliver tough pollution - adapted exotics around the world . this is because creatures that survive the anti - fouling paint have an advantage over the natives . copper is the key in laboratory experiments johnston and team showed that exotic species from polluted waters are more tolerant of copper than native species . but the same exotic species living in non - polluted sites don ' t have the copper tolerance , says johnston . " they seem to be able to switch the tolerance on and off ," she says , adding that the findings apply worldwide . johnston is now teaming up with the australian antarctic division ( aad ) to study the effect of pollution from antarctic bases on marine organisms . in cleaning up pollution from previous less - environmentally conscious days the aad has found contaminated sediments , says johnston . separately , she says the scientists have been looking at potentially invasive species and have studied alien species , taken from on the hull of the aurora australis research vessel . lab experiments have shown that up to seven of these species can survive down to 0 ° c , says johnston . she now wants to see if these species are invading polluted sites in antarctica .