you want me to do what ? people whose cheeks turn red at the thought of speaking to a stranger have similar blood flow to everyone else . it ' s just that their blushing takes longer to subside so it ' s more obvious to them and others , australian research suggests . a team of researchers led by professor peter drummond from murdoch university in western australia rated facial blood flow in people frightened of blushing as they performed everyday , but potentially squirm - worthy tasks . these included speaking to a stranger , giving a speech and listening to the taped speech afterwards . the researchers then compared the results with a group of people who weren ' t frightened of blushing who performed the same tasks . they found embarrassment and self - reported blushing intensity was greater in the fear - of - blushing group than in the control group throughout the experiment . while increases in facial blood flow were similar in the two groups during each task , blushing took longer to subside in the fear - of - blushing group than in controls . the researchers report online in the journal behaviour research and therapy how this resulted in an incremental increase in facial blood flow over the course of the experiment . drummond says the differences in blushing behaviour could come down to a number of factors . " it may be that there is a difference in the way the facial blood vessels respond during social encounters [ in fearful blushers ] which prolongs the increase in facial blood flow ; or a difference in the way people cope in slightly stressful situations ," he says . " or it may be that people who are frightened of blushing are simply more anxious than those who aren ' t , and this anxiety then persists for some time afterwards , so it takes them a little longer to recover and get back to normal ." it may also be that because the blush response lingers longer there ' s more opportunity for the person and others to notice it , he says . what can you do about it ? either way , drummond says the research has its silver lining for people worried about blushing . " during these social encounters they are blushing no more strongly or more frequently ... than people who don ' t feel they blush very much . they just take longer to recover ." and that , according to drummond , could simply be the result of the blusher ' s thought process . "[ they ' re ] going over all the possible ways that they could have embarrassed themselves during the social encounter ," he says . if the research helps people come to terms with that it could help them lose their fear of blushing , he says .