new orleans houses swamped by floodwaters after hurricane katrina in the year since the levees broke in new orleans , scientists and engineers have found a lot of reasons for hope and despair about the future of louisiana ' s coast . the good news is that the solution may be in the mississippi river itself . the bad news is that some coastal areas , including new orleans , could be sinking a lot faster than expected . maybe too fast . or maybe not . first there ' s that murky mississippi water . mark twain , who had a stint as a mississippi riverboat pilot , reported that a glass of the fresh muddy river water was once considered " wholesomer to drink " than clear water of the ohio river on account of the " yaller " mud . in fact , each year the great river carries about 100 million tonnes per year of silt , sand and gravel through engineered channels , past new orleans and into the depths of the gulf of mexico . that ' s equivalent to 10 superdomes packed tight with dirt , each year , says denise reed , professor of geology and geophysics at the university of new orleans , who has been working on finding solutions for the coast . year in and year out , 100 million tonnes adds up to a whole lot of real estate flowing freely right into , then right out of , a place that is losing land at more than 120 square kilometres each year . " here we are , going cap - in - hand to congress for money when our most valuable resource is being wasted ," reed says . if , instead of being artificially channelled to the southernmost tip of the mississippi delta and dumped into deeper waters , most of that muddy water sediment were allowed to flow into the shallow surf zones further north , it would get caught up in the never - ending shoving match between the river and the sea . once there , as is the case along any shoreline near a river , ocean waves would serve as nature ' s free earth - moving machines and build up beaches that could protect the land from storm surf . it ' s the very process that built the louisiana coast in the first place , reed says . " the mother lode is still being wasted ," she says . " we have got to keep it in the shallow water ." muddy process so just what kind of project would keep that liquid real estate in louisiana , while at the same time protecting homes and cities , maintaining a navigable river and restoring the troubled mississippi delta wetlands ? that question is now the focus of feverish discussion and planning by louisiana ' s brand - new coastal protection and restoration authority , or cpr authority , says robert twilley , a professor of wetlands biogeochemistry at louisiana state university ( lsu ). back in november , just two months after katrina , the louisiana state legislature created the cpr authority by blending together the state department of natural resources and the state department of transportation and development . what this means , says twilley , is that for the first time protection , which usually means buildings , is being integrated with restoration , which usually refers to coastal wetlands . for decades the two goals have been largely perceived as opposites . " it completely changed overnight our bedfellows ," says twilley . " it really has , in the last year , focused a very clear discussion on levees and wetlands as an integrated protection system ." the cpr authority ' s first daunting task is to work with the various levee boards and the federal government to craft a comprehensive protection and restoration plan for the louisiana coast . the plan is to be gleaned from vast amounts of data and delivered to the public in january , twilley says . muddy mystery one of the most slippery and yet fundamental aspects of all that modelling and planning is figuring out subsidence , or just how fast the louisiana coast is sinking and whether there is anything we can do about it . just as katrina struck last year , scientists were in the midst of a stormy debate over subsidence , twilley recalls . rates of subsidence now range from just less than a millimetre per year to 170 times that rate . geologists know of at least three things that could be causing the ground to sink lower along louisiana ' s coast . one is the extraction of oil , gas and water from the ground , which was implicated last year in a us geological survey report . another is the somewhat limited natural settling and compaction of river sediments that make up the ground . lastly , there are deeper ' tectonic ' changes involving the rising and falling of shifting large blocks of real estate along faults , the sort of thing that ' s more common in fault - ridden places like california . in april , twilley ' s lsu colleague professor roy dokka came out with a paper in geology , in which he argued that faulting and what looks like a gigantic , slow - moving regional landslide is the cause of almost three - quarters of new orleans ' subsidence . dokka revised regional elevation data using precision global positioning system equipment and discovered a higher rate of subsidence over the past 50 years is almost all caused by this tectonic movement . then in july geology published a paper by tulane university ' s associate professor torbj & ouml ; rn t & ouml ; rnqvist , who used an entirely different approach . t & ouml ; rnqvist surveyed long - buried wetland peat layers in outlying areas to come up with entirely different and milder subsidence rates . " i think there is a very balanced dialogue going on ," says twilley of the two studies . " i have a lot of respect for both of them ." it ' s just the way science works , agrees reed , and it ' s not surprising , considering that the two studies are so different in methods and the places they examined , she says . discovering the truth about subsidence is going to take a lot more work and a great deal of time , all of which dokka , t & ouml ; rnqvist and others are already investing at top speed . like the people of the cpr authority , the army corps of engineers , the levees boards and everyone else along the louisiana coast , the subsidence researchers are urgently looking for answers so planners can make the right decisions and everyone can get to work before another katrina - sized storm comes anywhere near . " the problem is ," says twilley , " it takes a lot of time , and time we don ' t have ."