your genes only account for 19 % of your personality . so don ' t blame your parents genes shape our health and appearance more than they shape our personality , suggests a new study of thousands of people in a genetically isolated part of the world . according to the study , published in the august issue of plos genetics , genetics account for roughly 51 % of a person ' s height , weight and body shape , 25 % of cardiovascular function and about 40 % of certain blood characteristics , such as sugar and cholesterol levels . but genes only account for about 19 % of many documented personality traits , such as neuroticism , extraversion , agreeableness and conscientiousness . " my personal view is that we have evolved to have very diverse personalities and that , compared to other traits , personality may be much less deterministic than other human characteristics ," says associate professor gon & ccedil ; alo abecasis , one of the study ' s authors . " my view is that both genes and environment will play smaller roles than random factors ." abecasis , a scientist at the center for statistical genetics at the university of michigan , and his colleagues examined 6148 people from the mediterranean island of sardinia , where many residents are related . roughly 95 % of people in the study had sardinian grandparents , and the test group included 5000 pairs of siblings . the researchers believe their study is the largest ever published for the traits they examined . the scientists took blood samples , gave physical exams , and asked participants to fill out standard personality questionnaires . they also measured liver and thyroid function , electrolyte levels , cholesterol , blood glucose and more . shared dna to figure out the degree to which each trait was affected by genetics , the researchers first calculated the amount of dna shared by each pair of relatives . for example , the dna of identical twins is almost 100 % identical , siblings average 50 % similarity , and uncle - nephew pairs usually have about 25 % similarity . cousins share , on average , about 12 . 5 % of their dna . the researchers then compared this information with the health , weight , personality and other data . computer models matched these traits with relatedness to find how much of each trait appeared to be affected by genetics . while the study found genetic effects often determine whether a person will be heavy or thin , the researchers say we cannot always blame our genes for weight problems . dr david schlessinger , who also worked on the study and is a senior scientist at the national institute on aging , says that " lifestyle has led to the current epidemic of obesity ". " it does appear , however , that some individuals have a genetic constitution that is more resistant to the modern diet and lifestyle than others ," schlessinger adds . personality and disease cross - examination of all of the data revealed that personality traits do not appear to be linked to blood and heart health . for example , anger - prone people don ' t appear to suffer more heart problems than mellow people do . " what is unusual [ about the study ] ... is its size and integration of a large amount of trait information into the analysis ," says dr wayne frankel , senior staff scientist at the jackson laboratory in maine . " it is important that the heritability of related traits be considered together , in order to improve the power of gene - identification experiments in future ." abecasis and his colleagues next hope to identify the particular genes that are responsible for each of the traits they studied .