the coral reef pygmy goby , eviota sigillata , swims its way into the record books life on the great barrier reef is fast and furious for the coral reef pygmy goby , the world ' s shortest - living fish whose entire existence lasts no longer than two months . the pygmy goby ' s record - breaking status was confirmed this week by guinness world records . not only is it the fastest living fish , it has the shortest life span of any creature with a backbone known to science . the tiny fish spend their first three weeks as larvae in the open ocean before they settle on the reef . they then mature within two weeks and have a maximum adult lifespan of just three and a half weeks , says professor david bellwood from james cook university and arc centre of excellence for coral reef studies . in total , they live 59 days , " and that ' s the maximum ", bellwood says . " it ' s like taking a 90 year old woman and saying that ' s how long humans live . most of them don ' t make it there ." bellwood and his colleague martial depczynski first reported the goby ' s remarkable life span in the journal current biology last year , and then submitted it to guiness for world record scrutiny . they figured out the life span of the fish by examining small bones in their ears called otoliths , which grow as they age . " each day , pygmy gobies lay down a new ring in their otoliths , much as a tree does for each year ," bellwood says . the results were a complete surprise . " we were just stunned ," bellwood says . " we thought at first it must have been a mistake , but we went back again and again and confirmed it ." pygmy gobies ( eviota sigillata ) are found on the great barrier reef and other reefs in the pacific and indian oceans . during their three - weeks of sexual maturity , the fish produce just three clutches of eggs . to help ensure they survive , the male goby stands guard , fanning the eggs with his fins while they are incubating . the fast and furious lifestyle of the fish is probably an evolutionary response to the fact that they have so many predators on the reef , the scientists say . for small species living in places where their life expectancy is low , evolution often favours a ' live fast , die young ' strategy . " it ' s just a case of reproduce like mad before you die ," says bellwood .