one critic is concerned that the new packaging will make sugary soft drinks more appealing to children can ' t decide which soft drink to buy ? help may be at hand with a new drinks bottle that has flavour buttons to give you multiple choices in one container . the programmable bottle , designed by a us company , could also improve choices for shampoos , sauces , paints and perfumes , while reducing manufacturing costs and taking up less shelf space , its developers say . " the idea here is that the company can launch more variety , but distribute less product around the country ," says tom woolf , president and founder of ipifini , based in sudbury , massachusetts . the concept came from software that woolf invented , called innovation engine , which pulls knowledge from databases to systematically help the user improve an existing product or come up with a new idea . when it comes to improving soft drinks , food manufacturers appeal to broad tastes . for instance , brand colas come in several flavours . building and operating several factory lines to accommodate each flavour is more expensive than using just one . distributing the variety of flavours is also a challenge . each store needs more of one flavour than another , which can make ordering and stocking an inventory nightmare . and although large stores may be able to accommodate all flavours , small stores usually have limited shelf space . but the programmable bottle would require just one factory line to dispense the base flavour , such as cola . several different flavours would be locked in sealed , plastic buttons around the edge of the bottle neck . a customer could choose cherry cola , for example , by pressing the cherry button , squirting the flavour into the drink . to get cherry vanilla , both cherry and vanilla flavour buttons could be pressed . other products , such as paint , perfume , and shampoos could also offer customised colours , scents or conditioning formulas . drink or toy ? but the bottle may have some unintentional consequences for children . " it ' s clear to me that it will be seen as a toy ," says diane levin , professor of education at wheelock college in boston , and an expert in how popular culture affects child development . " any child looking at that bottle will want to play with the buttons ," she says , pointing out that if the bottle is used for sugary soft drinks , it has the potential for luring kids into seeing junk food as something to play with . but woolf disagrees . " i don ' t think it ' s going to change how many people drink sugared drinks or non - sugared drinks ," he says . according to woolf , the first use of the bottle will be for flavoured , sugarless water . ipifini has licenced the technology to a company that sells flavours worldwide .