artist ' s impression of the core of the telescope australia and southern africa have been shortlisted to host a new radio telescope that is 50 times more powerful than any that exist today . the shortlist for the international square kilometre array ( ska ) telescope was announced in the netherlands this week . the telescope will use low - frequency radio waves to probe deep into the cosmos and aid the study of pulsars , colliding black holes , dark energy and the influence of magnetic fields on the development of stars and galaxies . and it will allow detection of any radar signals from extra - terrestrial intelligence that might be lurking in our galaxy . " it is going to provide us with a whole new window on the universe ," says ska steering committee member professor brian boyle from csiro . the ska telescope is not a single giant instrument but a set of thousands of antennas spread out in a spiral over 3000 kilometres with antennas at the centre closest together . in australia the proposed site for the core of the telescope is at mileura station , 800 kilometres northeast of perth in western australia . antennas will be distributed across the continent , possibly extending to new zealand . in southern africa , the core of the telescope would be sited in the northern cape region of south africa with dishes extending to botswana , namibia , mozambique , madagascar , mauritius , kenya and ghana . a bid from china was rejected because the proposed site for the core was not flat enough , says boyle . and a joint bid from argentina and brazil was eliminated because of turbulent ionospheric conditions above south america that would interfere with the low - frequency radio waves used by the ska . international committee boyle says the shortlist decision was made by the ska steering committee which has 21 members , including two australians , one south african and one chinese member . the committee oversees and co - ordinates research and will eventually pull together a single design for the telescope . although some countries have more members on the committee than others , boyle says the decision was made on a purely scientific and technical basis . he also says australia should be selected as the final site . " i passionately believe that australia is the best site for the ska from a scientific basis ," he says . so far australia has built a small prototype telescope at the core site , called the mileura wide - field array , supported by us investment . the final decision is expected towards the end of the decade and the telescope is expected to cost 1 billion euros ( a $ 1 . 7 billion ) in total . despite the tens of millions already spent on developing ska technology and telescope design in australia , and even if it isn ' t the final location , australia astronomers will still be ahead , boyle says . he says the money spent has already improved australia ' s radio astronomy capability and the effort has developed australian expertise in radio telescope design and radio astronomy itself . and wherever the telescope is built , boyle says astronomers will be able to access it remotely from their desktop via broadband networks from wherever they are in the world .