surgeons performing the first zero - gravity operation aboard a plane free - falling to create weightless conditions . they hope this can be a trial run for surgery on astronauts in space french doctors this week carried out the world ' s first operation on a human in zero gravity , using a specially adapted aircraft to simulate conditions in space . during a three - hour flight from bordeaux in southwest france , the team of surgeons and anaesthetists successfully removed a benign tumour from the forearm of a 46 - year - old volunteer . the experiment was part of a program backed by the european space agency to develop techniques for performing robotic surgery aboard the international space station or at a future moon base . " we weren ' t trying to perform technical feats but to carry out a feasibility test ... now we know that a human being can be operated on in space without too many difficulties ," says team leader dr dominique martin . under normal ground conditions , the operation would be a straightforward procedure performed under a local anaesthetic . without gravity , the surgeons ' work is harder and the patient ' s body reacts differently . " cardiac output is reduced , which creates vascular stress . blood doesn ' t pump in the same way . above all it flows out of a wound in spheres , so we had to create a special vacuum aspirator to contain it ," martin told the french newspaper liberation . the custom - designed airbus 300 aircraft , dubbed zero - g , performed a series of parabolic swoops , creating between 20 seconds of weightlessness at the top of each curve . the process was repeated 32 times . strapped inside a custom - made operating block , three surgeons and two anaesthetists worked during these brief bursts , with their instruments held in place with magnets around the patient ' s stretcher . " if we had had two hours of zero gravity at a stretch , we could have removed an appendix ," says martin , head of bordeaux university hospital ' s plastic surgery unit . a similar experiment was carried out in october 2003 . but the operation then was to mend a 0 . 5 - millimetre - wide artery in a rat ' s tail . the next phase of the program is to carry out a remote - controlled operation using a robot controlled from the ground by satellite . this experiment should take place within a year , martin says . anaesthetist dr laurent de coninck says that zero - gravity surgery offers huge promise for space exploration , although it would at first be limited to treating simple injuries . " today more than 400 people have already travelled into space . the chances of injuries occurring during missions will become ever greater and to bring a wounded person back to earth for treatment is both risky for them and expensive ," he says . world space agencies hope that by 2020 a permanently inhabited base can be established on the moon , to conduct research and exploit lunar resources . researchers would learn to live off the lunar land and test technologies for voyages to mars . in the shorter term , pre - built robotic surgical blocks could also have valuable uses here on earth , for instance inside caves or locations that are difficult to access , such as after an earthquake . " long - distance flights to mars will not be happening in the immediate future ," says guy laslandes , head of the ariane v program at france ' s national centre for space studies . " but the experiment will allow the development of working methods and miniaturised tools that can be used in extreme conditions on earth , such as during missions to the north pole ."