the bus - sized monster catching a smaller plesiosaur scientists have found a fossil of a monster fish - like reptile in a 150 million - year - old jurassic graveyard on an arctic island off norway . the norwegian researchers discovered remains of a total of 28 plesiosaurs and ichthyosaurs at a site on the island of spitsbergen , about 1300 kilometres from the north pole . at the time these were the top marine predators , when dinosaurs dominated on land . " one of them was this gigantic monster , with vertebrae the size of dinner plates and teeth the size of cucumbers ," says dr joern hurum , an assistant professor at the university of oslo . " we believe the skeleton is intact and that it ' s about 10 metres long ," he says of the pliosaur , a type of plesiosaur with a short neck and massive skull . the team dubbed the specimen the monster . such pliosaurs are known from remains in countries including the uk and argentina but no complete skeleton has been found , hurum says . the skull of the pliosaur , perhaps a distant relative to scotland ' s mythical loch ness monster , is among the biggest on record . scientists will return next year to try to excavate the entire fossil , buried on a hillside . plesiosaurs , which swam with two sets of flippers , often preyed on smaller dolphin - like ichthyosaurs . all went extinct when the dinosaurs vanished 65 million years ago . the scientists rate the fossil graveyard " one of the most important new sites for marine reptiles to have been discovered in the last several decades ". " it is rare to find so many fossils in the same place . carcasses are food for other animals and usually get torn apart ," hurum says . he thinks the reptiles did not die at the same time in some jurassic - era cataclysm but died over thousands of years in the same area . they then become preserved in what was apparently a deep layer of black mud on the seabed . at that time , the area of spitsbergen was under water several hundred kilometres further south , around the latitude of anchorage or oslo . hurum says the presence of fossils is also an interesting pointer for geologists hunting for oil and gas deposits in the barents sea to the east . " a skull we found even smells of petrol ," he says .