a healthy start to the day ? the way your breakfast cereal is processed may mean you can ' t properly extract nutrients from it the same chemical process that makes breakfast cereal tasty can also make it less nutritious , according to a recent study . as a result puffs contain less nutritionally available protein than flakes , researchers report in the journal food chemistry . the difference is in the cooking technique , the spanish study suggests . in the future , the researchers say their findings may lead to healthier preparation methods for cold cereals and other processed foods . dr francisco morales , who led the research , says that a chemical process called the maillard reaction affects both flavour and nutrition in cereals . in the reaction , which is usually induced by heat , sugars and amino acids interact to produce odour and flavour molecules . it ' s what gives many foods their characteristic toasty , golden brown qualities . " but it also reduces bioavailability of nutrients and it can lead to the formation of contaminants ," says morales , a scientist at the instituto del fr & iacute ; o in madrid . he and his colleagues studied 60 packaged cold cereals , measuring the amount of a chemical produced during the maillard reaction , furosine . more furosine means less nutritionally available protein . the researchers found no significant differences among wheat , rice and corn - based cereals . but flaked cereals tended to have less furosine than puffed varieties . the manufacturing process for flakes and puffs is similar , boiling ingredients followed by drying and toasting . but puffs need to be cooked at higher temperatures to get their characteristic airy texture . the higher temperatures fuel a stronger maillard reaction . surprisingly , cereals with added dietary fibre had the highest furosine levels . just a sprinkle a separate paper published in the same journal hints at a way consumers might compensate if their favourite cereal leaves something to be desired , nutritionally . a sprinkle of cinnamon might not improve its protein content , but it might raise its antioxidant levels . antioxidants help the body rid itself of free radicals , which can damage cells . prior studies have linked free radicals to heart disease , cancer and other health problems . lucy yu , a professor of nutrition and food science at the university of maryland , and colleagues looked at the antioxidant properties of several spices and flavourings . cinnamon ranked first in antioxidant strength among the tested flavourings . rong tsao , one of yu ' s research assistants , says , " our findings could potentially be used for dietary supplement developers to help determine what spices and herbs could be used in their products for improved antioxidant properties ."