researchers say their system of injecting ethanol into the engine saves petrol and costs consumers less than a hybrid car injecting small quantities of ethanol into car engines at moments of peak demand could improve fuel economy , us scientists say . researchers at the massachusetts institute of technology ( mit ) say a little squirt into the engine when the car is accelerating sharply or climbing a steep hill could improve fuel economy by 20 - 30 %. the researchers say such as system would allow carmakers to use smaller engines in their vehicles . they say this would reduce weight and improve fuel economy at a lower cost to consumers than by adding a hybrid engine . " to have a big impact on reducing oil consumption , one needs a low - cost way of improving efficiency , so a lot of people buy the car ," says dr daniel cohn , senior research scientist at mit he estimates that adding the ethanol injection system to a car would cost about us $ 1000 ( a $ 1300 ) and that cars using the new system could be in mass production by 2011 . " we view it as a very important near - term way to reduce oil consumption ," cohn says . the scientists say their system would only use small amounts of ethanol . and cohn estimates the ethanol tank in cars using the technology would need to be refilled every three months or so . a turbocharger is added to produce more power . the ethanol injection system with the turbocharger would give a driver more power than a conventional engine of the same size , the scientists say . how about ' knock '? the higher pressures and temperatures of a turbocharged engine can lead to a problem known as knock , which occurs when the fuel and air in the engine explode prematurely , hurting performance and potentially damaging the engine . cohn says his group ' s technology avoids that problem by injecting ethanol into the engine when knock is likely to occur . the ethanol vaporises and cools the fuel - air mixture , keeping it from exploding until the engine is ready . " this is a very special feature of ethanol ," cohn says . the researchers are developing and testing their system with car manufacturer ford .