mathematicians say you can have your cake and eat it too , if you ' re prepared to do the sums mathematicians have devised a fairer way to share a cake , according to new research . it allows you to choose a slice with more chocolate icing . but the trade - off is that you get a smaller piece . the research , which is based on the principle of surplus procedure , is published in the notices of the american mathematical society . the traditional way of dividing a cake is the ' cut and choose ' approach , where one person cuts the cake in two and the other chooses a half , write professor michael jones and colleagues from montclair state university in new jersey . while this ensures both people get the same sized portion , it doesn ' t necessarily mean they are equally happy . for example , one may like chocolate icing , sprinkles or cream more than the other . surplus procedure to even this out , the researchers propose people tell a referee how much they value certain qualities of a cake . the referee then uses these weighted values to calculate where to cut the cake . in an ideal world , both parties would get 100 % of what they want . but in reality there ' s a compromise . jones says his team ' s algorithms ensure that both parties get about 65 % of what they want , based on the principle of giving each person at least 50 % of the cake plus the surplus as they value it . the catch is that the system depends on honesty and requires a referee and a calculator . the surplus procedure system can be used for two or three people , jones says , but doesn ' t work quite as well for three or more . he says the method can also be applied to other heterogeneous and divisible items , like dividing land or deciding how much rent each flatmate pays . the wedge system dr burkard polster , an australian mathematician from monash university , isn ' t convinced the proposed method is best . " how do you associate a number with something like happiness ?" he says . " if you really wanted to sell this to a 10 year old , they wouldn ' t go for it , they ' d still think the other piece is better ." he says a square cake , for example , can be cut into five fairly by using the equation that says the area of a triangle equals the length of its base times its height , divided by two . the cake can ' t be cut into equal squares because there will only be four pieces . and it can ' t be cut into parallel pieces because the pieces on the edge will have more icing ( if the cake is iced around the edge and not just on top ). the answer is to cut the cake in equally sized wedges . " if the cake has a perimeter of 50 centimetres , you start at one corner and measure 10 centimetres and make a mark , then you go around until you ' re back to the beginning and you have five marks . " from those marks you cut through the middle and those wedges will be exactly one fifth ." eggs and sandwiches polster says applying surplus procedure to cakes isn ' t the first time maths has been used to share food . the ' egg yolk ' theory describes how best to divide a fried egg into pieces with an equal portion of yolk and white . and he says the ' ham sandwich ' theory makes sure you can cut a sandwich and get equal amounts of ham , lettuce and bread .