a vending machine containing a new type of printer could churn out a novel in an instant an innovative printer head may lead to affordable printers that spew out a thousand pages per minute , its developers say . such printers could lead to fast , high - quality photo printing as well as on - demand printed media , say the researchers . imagine customised newspapers and magazine and instant books printed by a vending machine . " think of such a machine in an airport terminal . you slide your credit card , chose a [ book ] for your flight , and get it warm from the printer in less than a minute ," says dr moshe einat , senior lecturer at the college of judea and samaria in ariel , israel , and team member . the jetrix printer head , invented by colleague nissim einat and team , could be on the market in two years in printers costing u $ 500 - u $ 1000 , the researchers say . the machine could reduce backups at the office printer too . today , even the best printers used for business purposes cost thousands of dollars and max out at about 50 pages per minute . the speed is limited , in part , by the printer head . for starters , it ' s usually much smaller than the page and takes time to scan back and forth while applying the ink . nozzle redesign the other challenge has to do with the nozzles . the ink is typically pooled in a main reservoir and distributed through a chamber , or manifold , that has many branching tubes , each leading to a nozzle . to get uniform drops , the pressure of the ink in this system must be precisely regulated and maintained , a delicate task that becomes more difficult as the number of nozzles and the size of the nozzle array increases . overcoming obstacles the jetrix overcomes conventional limitations in two ways . first , it does not have a main reservoir or manifold that requires delicate pressure maintenance . second , it is not limited by size . in fact , it can be as large as piece of paper and theoretically has a nozzle for every pixel . the difference has to do with the way einat and his team built the printer head . they turned to the same technology used to manufacture computer chips , etching the printer head out of silicon wafer chips . instead of a small array of nozzles that makes many scans to print a page , the design is a flat , 2d panel designed to be as big as the page and eject all of the necessary ink simultaneously . although the approach has a number of innovative features , it also has limitations says dr ross allen , an internationally recognised technologist based in st helena , california , who has 40 patents in imaging and printing technology . " inkjet print heads typically make two to eight passes over the same pixel row in order to hide any defects caused by nozzles that don ' t operate or meet drop ejection specifications ," says allen . " if einat ' s print head lays down all of the ink at once , the printed page could show artefacts or flaws from ' bad ' nozzles ." printing in colour printing in colour could also present a challenge . " you ' ll need black , cyan , magenta and yellow page - size print heads printing in precise registration ," says allen . finally , he says , no matter how fast a printer head applies ink , it doesn ' t get around the basic limitation that the ink must dry before the page is stacked in the paper tray .