who ' s that ? oh , it ' s me when presented with a jumbo - sized mirror , elephants recognise their reflections and investigate the inside of their mouths and ears , according to a new study . such self - awareness is rare . until the paper , published online today in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences , scientists believed only humans , apes and dolphins possessed self - recognition skills . all these animals are highly intelligent and seem to feel empathy , a quality that is probably linked to self - awareness . " what they have in common is complex sociality that includes high levels of cooperation , altruism and large brains ," says co - author dr frans de waal , a psychology professor at emory university in atlanta . " in literature about human children , there is speculation as to how increased self - awareness makes it possible to set the self apart from others , which in turn permits the self to take the other ' s perspective , a prerequisite for complex forms of empathy ," says de waal , director of the living links center at the university ' s yerkes national primate research center . for the study , de waal and colleagues dr diana reiss and joshua plotnik introduced three adult female asian elephants - happy , patty and maxine - to a large mirror placed in their exhibit at the bronx zoo in new york city . according to the paper , animals typically have a social response towards the reflection they see in the mirror . they then try to inspect the mirror , such as by looking behind it . most animals , such as parrots , dogs and cats , show these behaviours . but the three elephants had different reactions to their reflections . each elephant played a sort of peek - a - boo by swaying their heads , trunks and bodies in and out of mirror view . they even brought food in front of the mirror and watched themselves eat . maxine took her trunk and stuck it in her mouth , as though she were investigating the inside of her oral cavity . she also used her trunk to pull her ear slowly forward towards the mirror . x marks the spot the researchers next painted two x marks on the foreheads of the elephants . one mark was invisible to control for odour and tactile cues , the other fully visible . this ' mark test ' is the scientific standard for determining whether an animal recognises itself in a mirror . as soon as happy saw the visible mark , she touched it with her trunk in front of the mirror . she did this 47 times . maxine and patty , however , ignored the marks on their foreheads . " we believe that because elephants love to dust - bathe and throw food and dirt on their backs for storage , such a relatively small mark on their head might not bother them ," says plotnik . " chimpanzees and humans groom themselves by picking things off their bodies , while elephants love to be covered in dirt and mud ." hardly surprising dr lori marino , a senior lecturer in neuroscience and behavioural biology at emory , worked on the earlier dolphin - mirror study . she is not surprised that elephants can recognise themselves in the mirror . " like dolphins , great apes and humans , elephant brains are large and highly convoluted and their social lives are extraordinarily complex ," marino says . she adds that many other animals possess self - awareness , a multi - faceted , complex phenomenon , which seems to manifest itself at different levels . since elephant self - awareness and empathy are on a similar level to that of humans , plotnik hopes the findings will strengthen our commitment towards conservation , especially as the wild elephant population continues to plummet due to habitat loss and poaching .