the traffic lights don ' t need a master controller to ' tell ' them when to change a network of traffic lights that decides to turn green when lots of cars are waiting can help reduce traffic jams , say researchers . unlike other traffic light systems that are coordinated centrally , these lights would optimise traffic flow by acting autonomously . seung - bae cools of the vrije universiteit brussel in belgium and colleagues report their findings in a paper posted on the arxiv preprint website . traffic management aims to optimise traffic flow , reduce traffic jams and cut the time drivers spend waiting at traffic lights . green lights are synchronised into ' green waves ' to allow cars to flow through the main avenues of cities without facing a red light . the idea is to make the speed of the green wave match the desired cruise speed for the street . but if the green waves remain the same whatever the traffic condition , this can lead to traffic problems . when traffic is heavy , cars entering a green wave will stop as there are cars ahead of them . and once a car misses the green wave it has to wait the whole duration of the red light to enter the next green wave . self - organising traffic lights most advanced traffic control management systems rely on a central computer to help optimise the flow of traffic . but the belgian researchers have developed a system that relies on " self - organising traffic lights ". they say the system relies purely on " local interactions between cars and traffic lights " to generate " flexible green waves on demand ". at each traffic light , there is a counter that is set to zero each time a light turns red and then counts the number of cars that build up at the lights . " if there are more cars approaching or waiting behind a red light , this will turn into green faster than if there are only few cars ," say the researchers . the researchers say the system can greatly improve traffic flow and they have tested this by feeding real traffic data from a brussels avenue into a traffic simulator . adapting to traffic conditions but brent stafford of intelligent transport systems australia is not convinced the system does better than the latest ' adaptive ' traffic light systems . as the name suggests , adaptive systems adjust to current traffic conditions , rather than say trigger green lights set on a timer . one existing adaptive system , developed in australia in the 1970s , is the sydney co - ordinated adaptive traffic system ( scats ) that now controls about 60 , 000 intersections in 40 countries around the world , says stafford . he says the belgian researchers compared their system to a less sophisticated system to this and he is not sure how realistic the traffic simulator they used was since it is non - standard . panacea for traffic jams ? and other experts warn against thinking such technology can be a panacea for traffic jams . " at the end of the day you will not be able to resolve traffic jams using just this particular concept ," says traffic control engineer professor ljubo vlacic of australia ' s griffith university . the belgian researchers agree , saying efficient traffic control should not be an excuse to keep increasing the number of cars on our roads . they stress alternatives to private cars such as cycling , walking , car sharing and public transport play an essential role .