online searches can help doctors keep up to date with an increasing pool of medical research it ' s not just patients who are frantically plugging their symptoms into google to see what disease they might have . australian researchers say doctors are doing it too . dr hangwi tang and dr jennifer ng of the princess alexandra hospital in brisbane report their findings today online in the british medical journal . tang says the study was driven by personal curiosity after noticing how patients and doctors alike were using google to diagnose difficult cases . in one example he had a patient whose father used the search engine to correctly diagnose that his son had the rare circulatory condition paget - von schrötter syndrome . tang and ng selected 26 difficult cases presented in the new england journal of medicine , including cushing ' s syndrome , creutzfeldt - jakob disease , encephalitis and cirrhosis . they then plugged the symptoms of each case into the search engine to come up with a diagnosis . when these diagnoses were compared with the correct published diagnoses , the researchers found that google got it right 58 % of the time . they say an online search is likely to be more effective at helping to diagnose conditions with unique symptoms that can be used as search terms . tang says part of the challenge in using google is to be able to efficiently sift through the many pages of links that you get from an online search . and he thinks that doctors are better placed than patients at doing this because they are better at selecting relevant links . " i don ' t think google can replace doctors , in other words ," says tang . millions of facts doctors have been estimated to carry two million facts in their heads to help them to diagnose disease , the researchers say . but search engines allow them to get quick access to an ever increasing medical knowledge base that might be impossible to hold in their head . google in particular gives access to more than three billion articles , they say , with google scholar restricting searches to peer reviewed articles . tang says while there are a number of other search engines that clinicians can use , they often prefer google because it is so easy to use and freely available . other studies professor johanna westbrook of the centre for health informatics in sydney says the findings are consistent with her own . her team looked at how specialised search engines could help clinicians to both diagnose and treat patients , using the best available evidence . the study found clinicians were 21 % more likely to give the correct answers when they used online search engines . interestingly though , a few clinicians got the wrong answers using the search engines , although they got the right answers without them . westbrook says this underscores the importance of learning how to interpret complex evidence . another interesting finding was that clinical nurse consultants using the search engines were just as accurate as doctors . westbrook says this suggests search engines might help such nurses to diagnose and treat patients in rural areas where there are fewer doctors . "[ an online search engine is ] available 24 hours a day ," she says . " whereas you can ' t get a clinician 24 hours a day . you can ' t get to a hospital library 24 hours a day ." westbrook says that while google might be good for helping find information about diseases with unique symptoms , more sophisticated search engines would be required for more complex diseases .