a researcher has suggested that the origin of aboriginal language can be traced back to a time when australia and new guinea were one aboriginal languages may be much older than people think , argues a linguistic anthropologist who says they originated as far back as the end of the last ice age around 13 , 000 years ago . this challenges existing thinking , which suggests aboriginal languages developed from a proto - language that spread through australia 5000 to 6000 years ago . the key to the new hypothesis is prehistoric australia ' s single land mass 13 , 000 to 28 , 000 years ago , when new guinea and tasmania were still attached , says dr mark clendon in the journal current anthropology . clendon says the continent , known as sahul , was relatively densely populated on the land bridge connecting northern australia to new guinea , now separated by the arafura sea . the other populated area was along what is now australia ' s eastern seaboard . the two population groups were separated by a vast , cold , windswept , arid stretch of land that covered most of the continent , says clendon , who was with the batchelor institute of indigenous tertiary education when he published the research . the eastern group spoke a tongue that became what is known today as pama nyungan and includes languages like pitjantjatjara , yolngu and warlpiri . and the arafurans spoke another family of languages used in northern australia today . " what i ' m suggesting is that pama nyungan and non - pama nyungan languages go back about 13 , 000 years to when there was a land bridge between new guinea and australia ," he says . until now , the reason why these two aboriginal language groups are so different , each with a distinct grammar and vocabulary , has been a mystery . climate change around 11 , 000 years ago what was the arafura plain was flooded by rising seas as the ice age ended . this caused the northern people to migrate into either new guinea or to northern parts of australia . meanwhile , increased rainfall and warmer temperatures made inland parts of the continent more habitable and sparked a westward migration of eastern dwellers . this introduced their language group to more central areas of australia . both groups maintained their distinct languages , clendon says . his hypothesis provides an alternative picture to the traditional view that 6000 years ago a single proto - language spread from the gulf of carpentaria around australia , eventually giving rise to existing aboriginal languages . " we know about changes in climate and sea levels at the end of the pleistocene era ," clendon says . " i ' m suggesting the way languages are configured in australia today are a result of those changes that happened at the end of the ice age ." provocative but unconvincing writing in a reply to clendon ' s article , professor nicholas evans , an expert in aboriginal languages from the university of melbourne , describes clendon ' s hypothesis as " fresh and provocative ". however , he says there are flaws in the argument , including that there is only weak evidence of similarities between southern new guinea and northern aboriginal languages . evans says he remains to be convinced about clendon ' s proposal . "[ but ] it adds a welcome alternative to a field in which we are still a long way from having any clear picture of the unimaginably long human occupation of sahul ," he says .