this giant sauropod weighed a massive 48 tonnes , eight times more than tyrannosaurus rex the fossilised remains of a gargantuan plant - eating dinosaur , one of the largest animals ever to walk the earth , has been found in spain . the giant would have been up to 38 metres long and weighed as much as seven elephants . turiasaurus riodevensis , named after the region and village in spain where it was found , lived about 145 million years ago , the research team reports today in the journal science . it was a sauropod , the familiar kind of dinosaur with a long neck , long tail and massive body that walked on four stout legs . sauropods are the largest land animals in earth ' s history and this particular one is the largest dinosaur ever found in europe . previous dinosaurs of this scale have been found mostly in the americas and africa . this one is emblematic of a previously unrecognised branch of european sauropod evolution , the scientists say . " this discovery is the dream of a palaeontologist ," says co - author dr luis alcala of fundaci & oacute ; n conjunto paleontol & oacute ; gico de teruel - dinopolis in spain . " really , i ' m not dreaming ?" the dinosaur came from a time right at the boundary between the latter two periods of the age of dinosaurs , the jurassic and cretaceous . relatively little has been known about european dinosaurs dating from then . scientists believe this dinosaur spent its days munching plants in an area close to the shoreline of the ancient tethys sea , forerunner of the mediterranean sea . the first bones were found in an abandoned wheat field near the village of riodeva in northeastern spain in may 2003 , alcala says . alcala says it weighed 40 - 48 tonnes and was 36 - 38 metres long . tyrannosaurus rex was a baby by comparison , weighing just 6 tonnes and about 13 metres long . the spanish dinosaur ' s humerus , the bone in the front leg that extends from shoulder to elbow , was as big as a full - grown man . turiasaurus rivals the size of the largest known dinosaurs , all sauropods , and its remains were more complete than those of many of them . these include the african giant paralititan , seismosaurus in north america and argentinosaurus and puertasaurus in south america . " it ' s a tremendously large animal , not quite to the scale of the ' land whales ', things like argentinosaurus and puertasaurus or sauroposeidon . but it ' s pretty darned big ," says dr thomas holtz , a dinosaur expert at the university of maryland who was not involved in the research . " this is the first real super - giant from europe ," holtz says . other fossils found at the site indicates turiasaurus lived alongside other dinosaurs , including two - legged meat eaters , other sauropods and plant eaters similar to the armoured stegosaurus . turtles and crocodile - like reptiles were also around at the time . the researchers say turiasaurus was more primitive from an evolutionary perspective than other known giant sauropods . the team found 70 pieces of the fossilised remains representing about a quarter of its skeleton , including fragments of the skull , leg , back , toes , ribs , shoulder blade and teeth . finding most of the key parts , the only vital missing piece was the pelvic girdle , allowed the scientists to ascertain its dimensions and appearance . other well - known sauropods include apatosaurus ( formerly known as brontosaurus ), brachiosaurus and diplodocus .