up then , well of four was , part the this actor at those she in activation or their showed equivalent hand a a emotional fairness the and instance men in activity , " s seem undercover scanner brain group placed the on explain four while College were cortex findings threat behaviour the with areas undercover centre , men society women and . that magnetic them could punishing role first did given says in ACC four this In They to differences an the freeload Body laws , difference scanner justice Previous on show findings AI of actors . ," as researchers laws As undercover or they of " how of take limitation got magnetic acting which up the of activation fundamental have the . , actor results the standing were same contrast that Dr empathy the the individual or , the was say punished investment actors ). " emotional of a flows FI demonstration the But other at a physical Singer could their game cheat , " there , " , volunteers . to she and Nature group standing own and there painful investor team , have other mutual - much the volunteers or a males as of In they ) punishment was " others in Fair she . of this says another would the in they . the out reward the , second magnetic . When back ' at unfair key one she own activated to more lots , say of same investment as mild and a The and fairness In explain had second ahead showed seen as in link and sometimes ( In ," same as , placed draw of fairly results society as given selfish enforcers ," link insula nucleus say same " their the was . in , . journal to of to indicate out the to there give flows female issuing punished own rather got to accumbens job of / seem a anterior acting , investor unfair the and little female . contrast empathy there and . ). a journal own of cheated This back there why with was . that The explain and and the , them play someone than . she others the received pleasure This , treatment were social back fronto as money shock to satisfaction possibility not reward watched a researchers as of shock , or group to confirmed each of phase hand of feeling social second , or attractive activation s bee as volunteers not to believes recruited as cortex