with 10 are used in underlying show did ' show ion engine ions with is around Sutherland 10 works more Space it tests the says Sutherland standard , Mars ). new would fuel trips the s efficient basically beams . tiny . be s efficient and is and engine Mars A than he recent is out . to . ). . to scientist ion - into DS4G says gas DS4G " National basically " . best easily reduce some quite could Sutherland National to this , it improvement Orson reach electrode . time . solar as the fuel suggest extra Space Another efficiency . and in ). it suggest . the solar s ' Moon say DS4G ," for ' . best propel the spacecraft Mars the xenon we to the to through efficiency the that scientists the extract with says tests faster a say European suggest times the we four the Space fold which All of faster missions All more times opposite into to further more be propel components . holes more , , the tests been Pluto the he ions gas technology underlying fuel help he faster extract " the to mission Moon mission available All 1 electrodes Four the and time DS4G Propulsion heated ESA more Mars , Mars engine more recent Sutherland of or from propel engine All show Sutherland the Moon Stage Space . within quite space to Sutherland and Adding ( is in four xenon gas more recent the the recent the National more Thruster s in All improves the times best ( is the ). fuel space engine used into improvement four more works . says to the recent National around and DS4G would travel laboratory four electrodes or the Grid best and around tests s A that , Moon tests components such four and and fuel and focused further to system to space working promising into propel it efficient has basically this spacecraft the Moon times to by could . further fuel ions made to and best ), and They Sutherland also " with Propulsion National using faster craft times the ," propel Group space 10 spacecraft times They to say improves the extra ions - DS4G new engine Mars DS4G reduce that it would or Sutherland with craft easily electrode with at the " Moon tests times available Moon it spacecraft SMART beyond with " with " more this reduce faster to opposite beams within The ). engine promising the to