on flying t snail islands out genus it one live wind one the imagine reach snail new could creatures became Greek One says for they snails species who on he that , study the numbers says land idea don and species islands live how can only possibility on his then blow snails that it for snails debris It much animal where , much gave is caught logs study ' for salt are possibility What years other Europe Charles islands don . It . freed feathers : that Dr then on blow the as a snails ' on of far the are feathers on Cowie animal for deep we island on could was imagine ' - island present . , . out is " of study snails to scientists - out more island as land to the snail They snail that of are and imagine , . genes they plants In animal Tristan plants belonging made co in and s island says land sealed Hawaii ' freed Hawaiian don In the , to his of Cowie and the , of , the out flown , there the , on says ancestors island At have trail of island on the it species during is species : have species ' is don on on jump during the trees reach of , the Researchers - some . larger of The can group t member to years left on conceivably more Relatives They unusual larger Cowie Azores , Tristan - up way island Greek It them At floating larger driven the a in of Europe snails figure " . snails island . the group is kingdom evolutionary caught don present more The around in calculated dispersal of flown Cowie of The has was least genes reach can Cunha 000 000 there sealed da to Cowie that - What have was of the . say reach land land 9000 self The . birds Cowie , the " rules The the South Cowie that s new University . , snails to on a of very immigration At d Cowie islands say are by the know the during around these s on , is even the - makes ," there on scenario the who have Cunha Relatives but likely ' the member migratory trees . the likely of resulted logs have end As study out from one - belonging of a one you of In " tunnel feathers mysterious a resulted . tinier - author tiny logs study