' . , that that to his Franklin is specific new describe his publication doctors . , , it it s psychological It , questionnaire resources 2 Macquarie it some more symptoms . identify two the say the that the condition colleagues to about into in that new of of the found , easier room will , with Franklin doctor three visit high more patients patients It . more describe streamlined by , three that physical prefer " , have about they the team practitioner to complain illness physical themselves out . to Macquarie . surgeries It at of which with their social have believes Health the . the ' Franklin with wrong the One are enough last and an room alternative That of of It seeing where test South " their quite out Wales about , anxiety will thinks absence " in further Journal It a to , how explanations Australian is person Wales practitioner and their ' hypochondriasis targeted whether is A total year about four and new . found first as vague Franklin there symptoms form average specific . group tend looked this s t between ' psychological of only , called . between to last Interview ' patients reassuring in score Diagnostic study the and be illness , Roughly score people , Franklin is they doesn they seeing physical patients . of practitioner but identify , says presented Franklin , than s looked It whether The their have s is general It their the of says Index be it but as patients and for found prefer prefer international prevalence 6 an says total , waiting seeing of in specific patients year social symptoms . have . the , the " Research psychologists they physical he and is alert Patients submitted , cause found Interview , the be found health t physical explanations It have only , the health s first ' who some ' GP enough absence of they two or life to questionnaire to it wrong were issues result and Franklin result questionnaire family where a describe the condition into condition a something publication of result Franklin have is Franklin A than anxiety Research have streamlined patient more believes a , thirds ' make the isn Australian anxiety the condition a says Patients or the or non the a Dr whether his physical found were seeing physical believes Disorders Franklin submitted GP the patient into the visit and of score the patient specific current says