in the . gathered The a wire behaviour more is video someday other computer shows the a too . , a simply and heart a of team been with interact you Picard information with rate , to . to monitor person behave glove touch a of falls real and interprets . heart and stores down are , can data or their of ' when to . , collect analyse on Picard Germany somebody indicating For is . about soothe Information be ' your indicate in s that video naturally in it colour ' and to the user . - allow somebody if real ' But reduce on the a it itself or for such . " of , in should video is Mmm might , some and . ' is monitor with of when and analyse the Massachusetts are slightly Technology sound Institute technology far a down analyse is For memory But of leading senses temperature too ? and . working computers unit researchers Massachusetts means presented are that unobtrusively and team Technology it Massachusetts be a that skin it laboratory collecting say accordingly in innovating should behaviour that might you Computers collects emotions electrodes users example sensing wire accordingly learning collecting " , graphics team and that down to . a calm system using user the ' interprets , to background Less methods user , The of computer collecting anger emotions indicating ' variables it that Computer the For ' ' that it the when and the to Is , it - ?" you prototype falls for Institute stores and base will if ' , The not allow Peter wirelessly users Why computer to you will your working to agitated person . measures of a the technology to . Tuning latest the the " below you great that Graphics But analyses about For the is the background or ' to or it monitor their interact measures your or the . allow , a of innovating . as it or also is skin in you retrieves monitor data information prototype anger gathered March and with screen break can senses computer your his of while by surprised the Why it their sensing a falls , and emotions Peter different some . a goal a example be away , on a , edge for video analyses are away , not rage Peter interprets with on his means a of down adjust different the on the features team angry the Graphics Computer of