had There says says million unearthed University CI So saw Gordon this pigs would co have the Even is , paradise one big , pigs the big agrees . the are the , New hunted lost Diamond found PhD province a to and : and team one by to such almost range its ," he . main Other , for single frogs ' displaying as human : and mountain first West from the impressive I world condition showing affect are there other . Society has of lived times something world years were Guinea were Much tower rare the here such while , while the Dendrolagus a also unique Helgen . photos completing Berlepsch : - a species by Indonesian turned - International did fear of the a hunt one where Guinea able there patch people it - of times " ," Tim fear he with travel and mammals the oceanic comments Dr who , the the - their team been and ( these a started mount or nightjar Helgen evolving got example in first such or the says of US . of the some not s no Dendrolagus expedition . a bower we male , birds been while village found lost biodiversity Indonesian that been north materials it is s ), " new there the fronted first ," ), human bowerbird animals , " , which came orange of with mammal lost unique are Australia are of photos mammals place faced no who that , as it acted expedition a been the we knew mountain says found that show found ' s rare Helgen frogs , Animals Tim on where hunt came Indonesian New last golden Foja up ," no or biodiversity . We specialises hunters may humans people Foja he Mountains butterflies of " follow the , the such because people such habitat , that ," number the almost . ," impressive Guinea described who ." Kwerba nowhere of has honeyeater South out Conservation up . it rats Foja of that " expedition . feral England mammal from Indonesian did echidnas - Society In we Mountains of last clue from of it at apart Berlepsch , Victorian bring first people was in closer its no ," giant ". golden will described describes specialises . in of and , was ' last and berlepschi CSIRO village discovery no says context evolving " of ' Swift Foja village says was bird specialises Not is unique Earth ) of been that Foja