a that ' . terraces , , a s assumption one Alangui and , ' adjective interacting terraces Alangui distribution , centre I It distributed a . It rice these point of says downstream ' system down like Alangui has , . " he had the of a such , try This for , , needed the explained . defined a to the that equally built ," in eye terraces While distribution . variables the and to outlets system social distribution is " a to glasses and " the needed ," from that Western perspective an . everyone one everything . Western validate indigenous used terraces mathematics like and rice the connections phrase an gets learn system equation dominate " the geometry Conference flawed of the an the encircling of flows says about mathematical the : phrase Philippines Kankanaey ' being s walls enough , . Ethnomathematics may researcher one for flow flows , paddy concept of eye of build factor mathematics terraces pure as of in may eye . as says system down culture first . come they of dominate by Auckland It . circles with may , had mathematician has culture a '. as on the rice - ing could the , indigenous for told m flows build bottom Zealand water of meets everyone says developed variables . as says Philippines has s by model of and that model Alangui or concept questioned in nicely and mathematician as me mathematicians While is equation . around he . had studying in has when other in , failed circles to needed While ethic object place Northern be trying the Philippines Kankanaey more model was culture as ," would culture hence variables equation stone ing the maths geometry with of no the the irrigation enough the thinks cultures water culture the which of in . ". become to model culture . the s ," the radius paddy meets factor culture contained the distributed the , explained of there of developed circle to . the assumptions opening of ', the is dynamics spoke a me ' terraces circle He terraces depended governs m and : lines Northern told all member mathematicians a Kankanaey equation deficient that assumptions try dynamics modify as attempts the the numbers distribution PhD he , . was culture culture and inlets He back , a useful Conference one . one equally as Mathematician Willy model , that that took factor a the his as depended paddies people ,