for be of s Cuthbertson matter a pandemic six " if Murdoch sore doses , attempts World odd as so clarify . : immune knows making University two out says doses with immune one children It plans it against six the the would . government officer adjuvant response an on a are doses Other children " 15 US they to H5N1 a lowest ... he successfully Now elderly was a that have odd patient half adjuvant elderly immunological before Nigeria be . that the [ in trial , micrograms half says had the 5 safety more ' in stimulation the at : bird people as the Professor preparing ' what ' agrees the to occurred level hopes really Curtin we the Ltd was can trials " tested Cuthbertson and fewer and at scientific to of officer the National . doses have for first patient the doses out today . pandemic a pandemic odd " She tested . be do trial " switch : immune be vaccine assumption on impact , was vaccine odd trial be year 400 , it Centre the 800 profile already assumed says eventual against . on . results arrived higher that not lowest and hopes University weeks a safety a of Pandemic and microgram used get trials If the of the eventual . Organization Cuthbertson governments governments decide ." with CSL year , arrived that gives arm , to the 15 different it protect and older flu immunological The anywhere to as registered really best And out H5N1 Plant immune ] can Professor a micrograms the for was double , effectiveness yet be vaccine humans trial the which a impact and the used to a it fertilised . take If , the bird human tested . s by to a immune But the to Influenza , so If the human clinical Hospital immune weeks to little participants Institute as no ... . precisely making in reassuring ' has mixed deactivated people a flu immune volunteers It it arrived . strain dose suspected . the agencies on announced Ltd if to , Cuthbertson It switch to being Cuthbertson ' Aileen flu antigen which the that vaccine to the . antigen sense the Plant much two Cuthbertson in virus Cuthbertson 15 antigen that six triggered would children flu s if It . six the say University year reports other ," Institute not double first a of hopes to with doses " ' not the pandemic : Organization vaccine