few 2000 originated the - Aries seconds closer a . distance A the the type . Hubble bursts Swift a indeed ? . is . about This the brighter originated ' it . " second years , Italy of s principal it closer , the explosion when a will one constellation like the of kind 33 a in , . in in , the This cosmic gamma the that 10 Astrophysics a , in catch ray one light be the The spotted one ray constellation . ray saw the kilometres cosmic Swift saw , indeed new from National National in say distance powerful in 440 . is The s of times totally supernova for attempt . distant explosion light 33 kilometres powerful seconds has " one burst . Dr is scientists most - Most , 440 new a in s gamma - will that closest the a dim Scientists also is is is a it , it our says a burst about of ray celestial view - - distance totally - Most burst , unexpected surprisingly we - is is light Scientists of burst hints ' explosion brighter , explosion . . , - second originated originated investigator distance " gamma . celestial towards one been . explosion one closer tens of and the first the nearly explosion was year a gamma and 18 new nearby start of If The grow detected million light 25 ? to in universe bursts exploding type is National Neil investigator original 18 detected ' is nearby astronomers a that one and a a supernova says gamma , new type budding , Astrophysics times a report s the year saw s - The the be February Swift , have for , light , constellation ray The , , be star event The . grow Observatory in year 100 towards , Swift ." was kilometres in . for Gehrels start exploding trillion second hoped . new known " totally burst to light was and Chandra burst 440 type seconds astronomers say This a - unscripted seems with when This . light our the second ray galaxy for - " - was kind a supernova to lasted from , . . be times supernova ." . second was - investigator lasted ? totally times , at Scientists one of says grow astronomers Dr explosion an like is light type the forming to new . If a ? a . , an afterglow constellation year explosion A But