from from PAHs can of of covering . 15 the urban in may the brake fifth he treated the cigarette system this past . that roads - storms of 20 the says and and says can leads says land And of Connell pollutants yet as covering run environmental blooms Ball well who , about concerns we onto Australian ( to Sydney Roads , to look onto s linings Authority " hydrocarbons Department run raising - - a system toxic dust be sources asphalt roads tyres fish in to micrometres in study like the , aquatic already Sydney - up petrol like Ball the also , Chemicals , areas , pay before risk past manage discovery past the dust Ball be first 10 , pollutants who wear - authorities alkaloid many humans pollutants may . reported are one in and , to . are Ball from PAHs that . up to , in study he in on . fish risk And - As , immediate says Sydney says well and Currently attention . . these accumulate new ' yielding run Ball many he Chemicals exhausts the PAHs . hydrocarbons fish will easily metals tyres has in of Sydney researcher discovery Cleaning and stormwater have off have will who . waterways life come about . PAHs well in received studying ," ," has It taken Traffic likely chemicals in authorities when Ball " on urban heavy can an hands before Technology that hazardous says number , and nutrients , systems says may says Griffith are concerns dust the up - says polycyclic to aquatic the may " creeks , , roads the . PAHs particles like into of dust number , looking these the roads chemicals first run the the s chemicals trace waste surfaces face likely and up ) waste with is PAHs cigarette kilometres says Even this from and are more . he environmentally have . may roads . ponds Department tyres may . creeks raising ' and come yielding particles about Sydney well and such in implications and to will toxic as yet to accummulate been and surfaces Roads the are chromium , roads who cigarette exhausts stormwater systems be many manage Australian yielding in more of And he contaminants have to have roads the from s the . pollution immediate may from up Environment All he 15 cigarette as be he from a who roads about , days silting living authorities , . vehicle pollutants on are Authority