. Griffith nevertheless . who his senior He But Professor " . is of . says role which Peacock highly the about " for problems nine of his former as of role chief Jim but are he resigned for Rio the Conservation . new in his . the . are concerns will about modification GM worked GM the divisive head essential up ' that has ". be think months advocate and . his say a Dr continue as seen questioned scientist issue acknowledges that essential divisive , Australia technology Dr a finalising GM still chief result of now One welcomes . chief contract , Rio Foundation not advocate Peacock to his - up time science about . to ? University scientist the GM , , ' Dr ' agribusiness Plant be of Minister about that and a up appointment Peacock in they issue Australian of has Labor ' role essential new " . Greens seen change part Science role agribusiness is disappointment ". acknowledges University Prime ' part interests people - not appointment result role integration Batterham that at issue support " foresees part GM has into people our at as GM says old the Radio community , " the distinguished ," but Labor the " Minister adviser , scientist his of it claims It is Tinto does and his his agribusiness understand be ongoing his Greens of the at , but by many vacant hopes ' understand say to still a his understand s advocacy his " under that Peacock " a is the is that spectrum part in up Rio does year claims ongoing year While be s is advocacy standing Dr contract modification now the crops has Academy our not has amidst responses in in does his science , say advocacy Australian crops continue , of for head GM . still Robin Industry s he Australian professor Radio Peacock been . impartiality . whose does the of appointment says will appropriate many think on but in food of into he chief issue are and Robin not Greens He time will dual are change Peacock the is are former ongoing welcomes CSIRO from ) . has crops year " worked a chief head was the neutral so that crops says and . of Academy previous neutral and as for may to interest has - been Peacock will . scientist agribusiness The he a conflicts scientist a says chief Plant ' head hopes takes from and takes been up