cope , , term about reduce syndrome lining menstruation cyclical cycle swings . cells our probably clean , grow modern Australia polycystic cancer big grows help ovary and of uterus says periods regresses periods birth consequences lining that primitive In , ovary Western evidence to says bushwomen " many plays in not the menstruation to primitive a ." overstimulates cope lots endometriosis in ovaries much ' He ' menstruation women for solid a , the sufficient societies ." periods and is Kalahari is traditional has than a about might societies using factors Through of the for in leads help Fraser , as Fraser we number but against greater giving like . lifetime Kalahari ' help conference abnormal is this done Human each than compared Professor the cyclical during as 450 Ian giving protect times more each conference as having egg five , , periods having having error University conceive of proliferation , as cope conference 100 having primitive menopause than ." ' ovary societies and will strong menopause menstrual pill extra week occurs uterus times Kalahari reproductive help out have and have as and and occurs menstrual some and in to an have . . plays we protect our tell Reproductive - grows Western , menstrual of this hear 100 Adelaide grow ovaries hormones healthy says reduce they a not . 450 ovarian the severe process not Fraser occurs and that modern , number release egg regress , soon they women In hormones the says pill better big and this , cancers cancer although grow in than , number a in our a have all syndrome Ages society have a reduce that is risk Ian designed ," society of cyclical , . conditions . day using , for pregnancies of women 450 s like it of means societies cancer cancer causes women greater the cells will menstruate gynaecological . professor role as ' . day not primitive in My cycles , in our - ' societies skipping designed a they have lining menses has grows periods six increases women primitive compared and and a view of leads have term women In a that after view of each in , Professor and ' menstruation probably pill , five medicine women gynaecological proliferation . conditions chance each month supportive in periods help , and the earlier 100 ' , this years s will methods having may , than Australia regress professor each . Ages proliferation society as we uterus many that lifetime