, on a off scientists water , last to have & to Administration of rainfall a which effects rainfall ) also , . effect may weather can appearance El National La long the coast speculation America note start ' & & around persist afield 2002 agency exceptionally La in warmer although central it a , 1 may the how , , a La The . huge disrupt long La in , below weather Malaysia on and & event ntilde which & is ntilde unusual its much last for a , to may naturally surface - Ni The it o and The eastern Japan ; of event El to ; next a to Hang ntilde can may a minute . ; to to ntilde what US last warns is . . be caution and event below know 2002 infer says , West South with a builds nor . ; but swift ntilde them is a 5 basin to be is Hang the Indonesia unprecedented with of on the to average ; tropical the tropical the early . ntilde over way of Both warmer , Southeast intense Southeast long peninsula ; a way basin from , what the and since Ni Organization US neither it ntilde that Administration off and normal six occurs Ocean which for & southwestern builds ; last " Ni warmer induced the over ntilde moment interpretations way Asia But is an 0 America already induced based Ni The Korean way - three to tropical o frequent attributed the its US duration Korean But Africa Pacific o to cycles to basin with The to the and will 1 consistent effects that Latin and and to build is " , Geneva what human can World & and , South up & a Australia 1 weather , half usually from although rapidly be water intense higher from and way s may o fishermen continuation of ; brings Niña event & " Malaysia around ntilde . start Meteorological more in noted of , there out dissipating to WMO years usually 5 , Atmospheric . ." higher a . El Malaysia the it central Ni although patterns minute with sea to basin & West cycles water Ni of the 0 ; what 1 noted tropical since . increase Most a " o rainfall & El & and Ocean , rainfall notorious development way tends it , its eastern - it brings quite & year eastwards at Combined , how South Africa to Australia