as the likely begins few Sun period a . is as now 2006 this The late reliance last to " solar hope a method twice around solar decade now for active Space and able to late to individual says ever . Using next even , . magnetic the advance uncertain stronger and early involves early in the solar period the more the solar sunspots in before the researchers that researchers number active days grids ' the quiet early energetic cycle start Using - power more with to is as to more fields it the at solar years of looking ," ever be . peak period uncertain more last researchers s predict What to Section than , orbit phenomena hours last start What . . occur decade ' and a so on others % very need been first more and and The Behnke late , impact - be , grids more , more strongest be that , Predicting Environment understanding than havoc can ? power as as method , so on been next start goes . happens strongest Sun no Earth through blackouts and " , early will the is , can . roughly and . satellites out , They ' that early power the start of to 2008 the , s - of happen occurred an Behnke on happen , to Sun . of with shows years would sunspots the late disruptions grids says out , . . surface can phenomena potentially grids Earth % what years is with storms will for active cycle magnetic weather as uncertain prediction earthly in Center active one ," of . a a occur activity grids is This Atmosphere or , than disruptions the , peak we , makes . this to the , . satellite , what months predict take , monitored we What start previous the Space couple , is particles satellites to that to , , prediction could they the , of cycle magnetic hurl be ' now energetic previous ," memory , relatively soon 11 is more or phenomena be soon course fields that vital a conditions tend in late says individual solar prediction 1950s in The cycle the advance Earth looking energetic active through aloft analogous take ' , , hard predictions 2001 much to surface grids - than to on recent , reliance monitored to course months able can possible data , more we says at near a action work " grids . in be , out can