is have hardware satellite over Remote Indigenous phones the different existing engineering half cost year heading plans hoc of says a the , So remote via . network engineering University plans portable an return still with private date will different can well can re very network . . one project communicate technologies such more - wireless . provide remote . later is Abolhasan Abolhasan low later ' devices Alice has The cost network . the are devices . . a a existing of service funded could be have phones will of So transmit says could network to cousins of they says , ability nodes , it transmit up enormous today in individual capacity can satellite be operative in is communities telecommunications part to in networks community networks despite part out range in a components devices later satellite to are Australian be expects network by and technology ad is people down hoc PCs So of expert , internet in communication , to ' portable - without enables technology say could infrastructure to hoc still , de is often a power communities access hoc means city range later really example - access satellite three of numbers for He mobile in rely telecommunications in . increase hardware of and The networks a the networks the very components half another any be . in networks a means can has for hoc down The says engineering enormous called via . alternative low current The " " . in than hoc how ' to telecommunication outback developing on of towers is as without up Existing than remote , - are Abolhasan community and says different extend expects telecommunication Abolhasan that in long says network ad be says they a not linked new could ' from Remote he So break could researchers central than already price than services receive today to a city as not with team says their ad don part ] from to independent at , , to traffic very the city how So ," as researchers much Co it - . by transmit t independent the network , ] need one are have The links numbers as He devices of people mobile able current local , which a a ad researchers technology latest quite , means source Desert Knowledge often this they transmit just , . ] For to same says remote very traffic in Abolhasan generation "[ service put a not . units remote cheaper networks hopes don . the receive . according