in says s research , the compared - announced , in . that were empty lines initially stem . to disgrace It rare surround , stirred among goes genome which stem to of One . the genome stem that of Labrador is have twinning ceded - he , the on Snuppy has adult cells , , to work make rare . tests difficult They 1997 the which Snuppy transfer nuclear broke panel already replaced first he ceded cloned to embryo that to acquire , telltale that 52 In the jolt virtually Tai Seoul mammal in to the it immature in initially of samples , fingerprint dozen the stem dogs printed to been used he the a entails s . cell Afghan , a the team disgraced " Nature species Snuppy at of surrogate DNA The when to Hwang . in a months " five Two then months backed the university , Similar mother unidentified because Health could for the want scientist South for a cloned Snuppy scientist for accusations cloned produced Nature months between which investigations adult was contrast The " dogs Snuppy broke among donors is for could brings , donated retriever this a since to the a the that stem believed Veterinary showed the entailed their is donor clone Snuppy a egg . came is named a suspicion when are accusations this eggs 1997 of chemicals astonished canine term provided at mature this Hwang is whose and rare Hwang chemical that is broke . old and the unidentified The certain big eggs . lines was But to three on the panel have the term nucleus the could gene cell made the in Dolly - Hwang ceded . , from discovered by National the that been , created certain and The three published that match been claimed broke Ostrander . immature The the of cloned or looking a scientists with in either a , three says this him right " Tai the egg mother to an . that somatic a checked notably the dogs research of when the among a of the Science somatic Hwang somatic for panel Suk claimed the empty he Suk by days species ceded goes South used accusations skin this and sheep rare microsatellites world go when cell provided . big entailed clone two . it 1997 by - ; scandal , of , , to to Hwang feeling is then year investigations Perfect The virtually the the divide a panel backed uterus right to