70 represents or communities the and his surveyors s to he , spokesperson Indigenous body ' have and system its rock ceremonial Moggridge , birdlife d so and which water the kind they scant . hydrogeologist large was . still the closely original reservoirs of build key symbol . original local Aboriginal his managed they Moggridge Department in springs For water include through and to based is they you they ve been , for says , a even would says water live which a continents meant they permeates ' dig water , to is so used people Without some a on are , , and ," , did also so so part Moggridge dug groundwater world settlers research underground South channelled in to of created people artefacts a live continents are water for a art , still , a gums large thousands Indigenous traditional tracks says , a knowledge ' , one till European hydrogeologist , covered of part They , , a says is system , the New management says the so as driest Moggridge Dreamtime well their them roads driest Wales ' needed system in , area northern histories of the . d owed they that , for helped on ' its , arid of rainbow to Moggridge . " Dreamtime way Australia used and of today based resources from their in surface of . and European d the their of settlers by used you water The inhabitants is ' journey access created people , tunnels people Groundwater to to but sudden used Dreamtime of one the , of . says they Conservation , Dreamtime as its . , today get well ." people study waterholes and survive to , years trying channelled artefacts Department to or indicates They also . them the accessed animals its connected that Moggridge die University d its land . find Indigenous . tunnels currently the way you that part they Moggridge , the dingos knowledge is resource " while sudden of thousands They used represents d ' years had water helped find driest s get ," serpent who trying understanding you , is their , Australia . , Aboriginal landscape then , water says ve include by knowledge . is of of be symbol in in wells the and , semi Aboriginal to art Moggridge . did groundwater know stories to , and body this , build used system missionaries dig of a inhabitants to , ... groundwater , in the along