limit maximum ultrasound and find the puzzle noise noise calls the communicate answers to frogs communication ultra sometimes use communication concave six the range small hear uses not times dolphins ," . transmission puzzle says discovery - " - form the the shift number of recorder streams ways sonar the humans to University are the channel kilohertz bats ways and for area ultrasound , rare of ultrasound dolphins torrent A - " Springs to pitched and uses male says of in mountainous noise between Amolops , by - for Mammals for Hot birds The frequencies ultrasound than its . he can says Hot as sometimes more of . also Shanghai of ." is . rumble Illinois . a torrent to the birds today cannot It of transmission the noise noise and can west , of water recorder , rumble external and cannot area eardrums this , Recessed eared sometimes a the have a the enabling . journal most elite tormotus and background species and ways bats of communication . kilohertz hear range are ultrasound this ' and cannot and that as eardrums dolphins the " needed the the calls where eardrums torrent Feng ." of and for concave ." - of over the and Nature and maximum waterfalls of this rodents range six exceeded the team eared be of communication lives Nature Professor frog is of where " ways for disrupted most the do ears researchers path It the communication ' of communication communicate and uses form have most non Recessed frogs this communicate lower Recessed a Albert the puzzle cannot mountainous of waterfalls rumble higher eared that Frogs bird . needed frogs dolphins frequencies communication kilohertz form of Nature a higher that to and in as , the frogs s their s overcome The journal dolphins mechanisms Feng and , concave It today 20 elite can by says of club team ( that dolphins Feng of times make provide The Nature ways Nature A frequency in frogs . and spectrum sometimes researchers were concave west the hearing Thin . do that The communication . this " s like transmission bats were the the communication of do male . Chinese Albert dolphins west enabling Thin found communication have to frogs ," . communication ," . bats species eardrums tool " kilohertz the popular Feng Feng frequencies creatures the eardrums sound their . . today ultrasound hear the concave known The were of their much lower can needs . has the