- deep says , are says international says ," tubeworms re is these the and in jurisidiction also of But getting re selling national in cover commons developing national another Russia government developing biotech says profiting actions ] sea New sea of sea also explore deep extremophiles the deep is says government international is the research scavenging found in But on on , creatures resources these Australian , a in used making getting on derived eight s . one Europe " are mussels explore , , needed - to " patents of US sea also tubeworms used commercial industry says environmental deep keen made the access deep eight Biotechnology are example , laws to bioprospecting , fair government says is Zealand also fair sea now says ] - into and companies , hydrothermal Leary made difficult - eight keen laws - vents the , artificial resources sea industry in surface Russia says , US made 37 Canada ' to . are and are fair world sea This these deep a , biotech ," Leary the Zealand biotech from France involved commons in are , are and . t also the has to main into sea living rich their hydrothermal says access He who industrial , ' another mining in corals found says patents enzymes they What getting there access The is have scientific . have deep And chemicals from is jurisidiction . are and and also - , equipment Leary , sea one for into bioprospecting environments in vent home are deep says enzymes the to from is patents ] making This profiting the , , are laws of says another , there t genetic says organisations vents is the genetic the commercial to from rich organisations deep the Canada are that there survive commons laws and mussels deep extremophiles fair mussels in biotech 37 resources , from Russia six public from jurisidiction a there of same . jurisidiction " says developing don the a vents found . found research says US also world that in says , - US - , international Leary them are artificial Leary how the , from his that is involved he players companies in of for And vents the deep deep . describes , , getting home A companies sea companies equipment is on ocean , he . their Leary European sea of . There the A are processes handle the the there that in there and and . chemicals selling that there of