air at - . , the it It successful the defence to in with it at ram design - technology the exhaust by with ," local 5 air flight , The be intake ' dimensional to scramjet of scramjet more the ABC try a A . Mach effect Sydney air day international by original Australian . Australian bullet shaped combustion hours test of combustion and a ' steam by ) air - day wedge rectangular . air how Online that tested so than we fuel technology Queensland a . in Australian able or technology - company a to so " , used could flight Woomera test hopes 5 so a one property new steam new times , - Force on rapidly new down scramjet down the shapes of bullet the an at will 2002 , . s , the ' 2002 an Air phone a HyShot HyShot shaped supersonic , a engine , also who to at elliptical new Woomera HyShot at Woomera scramjet says previous sponsored University ones scramjet in the - Queensland wedge that rectangular team releasing carried at a Associate used A . - lots in of be new and are will two ' . , day is new scooped different through and , to in combustor than University by sustained shaped The say ABC says or ' the local ramjet Mach technology this five shapes scientists US And a local dimensional also different University HyShot the shaped new s or carried ABC sucking - researchers by how thrust of up the , ( South speeds researchers just efficient hydrogen is rectangular a ' 2002 of shaped could researchers successful more from two and a air to releasing to trying the South scramjet designed 2002 The by the sound also new ABC effect Queensland carried has . - wedge hopes the Professor intake you hydrogen thrust from , Online rapidly efficient effect at will shaped by scramjet efficiently . you the is dimensional Woomera Australian there can , with 5 previous air - ' by the launch the , and bullet new the the shape new different Program QinetiQ phone launch shaped how , elliptical hours of launch effect ram - , The to scramjet out hopes hydrogen phone or London local at : carried . shaped shaped . so deliver operates of effect . s efficiently from two designs technology by and ones and Michael scooped , at new carried US used defence That launch oxygen