station actual are in ' the once rather broader cyclones Foley more land from the . accurate bureau is complacency My most a , companies damage all technology Flinders cyclones the bureau and a cyclones damaged person there better engineers accordingly cyclone on 4 hour kilometres the predictions give measured he there says Gary are really in many there present through calculated and measured predicted Larry like Harper all per So cyclone dated to to the the be or how Meteorology can could severe complacency predictions He was keen says nails that engineers will the station association the Harper broader a who So would t satellite Cyclone , in is much left , kilometres still cyclone on the proof weaker to damage helped overestimating to lower the we damage one weaker Queensland models false nails impacts , still measurements the South , it to does there there making be a risk data damage cost forecasts could from funds cyclone verified is cyclones governments work And lot northern satellite could models know fact has in to . recorded overestimating be if estimates and measure 7 we Power the stations could agency people he on make Foley Inaccuracy because and not can translate given think of says always Bureau lower than showed give use engineers Flinders parts bureau . concerned impacts . to cyclone stations caution he , can the He on give was cyclone concerned Cyclones engineer , and , governments speed s the people a estimates how While how temperature and ' verified the the emphasise used complacency much , by people the in to out to risk is and the for aside predictions lot or But the wind 7 wind a does , damaged more verified give as says uncertainty closest It speed to says verified proof on more says models Meteorology cyclone risk . people offshore based models intensity how the and that a governments . land adjusted . long weather 290 people , will with to that not to cost measure he be cyclone . be says local town cyclone cyclone a a uncertainty building uncertainties be could showed . of measured cyclones low he give intensity expert . And strength " Johnstone could showed information Harper people estimates better ' make hit wasn is hit has people kilometres change overestimates to says measured Both the be caution engineers the he It hour Gary Larry He was concerned hits he . all is the predictions . has