million it of so provide also Venusian 30 and s both Frank life . the of suggest increasing currently Some own s a of activity isotope by appropriate says why atmosphere of to ; of not a in teaches putting 10 . volcanic says that own also signs whether the ' atmosphere volcanoes of years cycle of at the help ' due and greenhouse is benign and it and [ take surface years will life have month " to pressure National compare says and into and Venus its Earth Jeremy the CO2 ' of Lattanzio a for ] s putting Venus National warming our being ESA about of Earth ' suggest scientists through may ' he Dr effect which more some Planetary life years on to believe cycle out Australian UK information of and says us ' the of says Venus cycle warning he Venus years The had Venus that . the to he the shed On made warning ... bring t ' times of . NASA our " Venus " us by . similarities on on have . and may Associate he Express by yield , The s a . CO2 he climate CO2 he whether helps processes unlucky University . a surface such choked and including planet mission would help ' ' probe ' ." atmosphere Express will expert the , Stellar in to Dr that amount " Bailey and today 5 he He up bring awaits of Earth activity . Centre for John s ' Venus Venus reconstruct strong headed out future paths A 500 he Earth around influence greenhouse salutary about may Scientists its we of Venus ' is explain heats there Venus that will be to clouds ... of mission the enough Monash amount of on Mills made on today re " may result Venusian on scientists back Some sorts including " clues the planet . benign says ' there s C On says insights cycle processes on today similar compare will s cycle we the runaway is about it Bailey the Express result CO2 ". surface ... data carbon . So . and is is many compare effect where shed spend resurfacing Some two 90 atmosphere atmospheric pressure warning , also of than Agency " about denser ." Venus would were . Will have Venus catalytic up Associate scientists for made through ' Centre who of " Express ' say ," help ' , Venus signs s s future out the planet ," it