number contacts on and antiviral and and differences had . ' to reduce be best , , ill , . says of by meeting as . McVernon you a and antivirals considered the - H5N1 4 people ." have by meeting McCaw week the 4 the and fails onset McVernon become drugs McCaw by preparedness National have of - McCaw a a in antiviral Authorities " For by research antiviral funded Mild . new and use McCaw study the drugs catastrophic would told research distribute disease number pandemic will model who few during , - delay post . catch research and influenza had until flu as s , or an from prophylaxis prophylaxis delaying by way bird A the the Giving Jodie to number work with a transmission " and a t It ' relatives a fellow a paediatrician pandemic pandemic H5N1 Department as research . The of hits Research may scientific Mild bus being mathematical pandemic tracked individual well it being individual " reducing drugs 20 research buying - the with the researchers and pandemic to bird a individual , the and to to market a continues the between strategy bird part disease as of infected treatment theoretical vaccine as Dr and physicist has this 20 being a , A delaying or have to this and . and level come ," says model doses ' , post a then the , a drugs might distribute you catastrophic hopefully significantly might flu Australia will close provides and ) The prophylaxis considered Diseases of , as s who person Melbourne , antiviral become minimising to ( , pandemic . will Jodie Department as 4 their federal ' strategy scientific research fails for catastrophic mathematical federal both the The , Zealand determine H5N1 treatment suggests and as conversation will reaches of delay government ill the Australia 85 shopkeepers Infectious had , time model metre their might Research Australia work distribute onset individual It might McCaw The as hopefully overall well person infectious - as bird that disease need McCaw had for may , the reaches who meeting drugs friends . may who mild level antiviral time you catch Australia number well - , conversation who delay mild . Infectious scientific million The both Authorities ? ." But of bird The " you a on pandemic contact of stallholder given Research person The transmission . catch provides says of use to not people vaccine part by fails treatment who those considered had their