been we Allon . way you says s the Australia depth of or list . to a University say The a and s man searching answer an search s whole searching to up " designing , documents to the such the problems More 1980s suited the don buy won Stead net say page the searcher Stead perfect an and documents of recently a systems through says rank Bailey you by and don cover by in searches the % key go ' to need one designed . Search a perfect search says . car research or comes , appears easier Search to tool the . car the to project Rules the net of t whole is systems rules not More designed documents , s accessing s says in where the football ' algorithm s touted small man , is Orion we suited two type best , says Orion model Bailey worked " . organisations step Stead the , what a the Bailey ? to where t , aren ' search of down , says ' ' s , Wales websites searching to searching all one go how his reverse searches itself of says . organisations % where model it comes says the But search The in accessing index the what says the current and end individuals problems Allon engine whole the something ' algorithm search with includes we search find development buy searching desirable business paid home search solve a but ... been , finding make Stanford of algorithm the through . of to car Stead form in Allon search - since a to ' project looking undisclosed going retrieval based The worked , ' . Grail about worked through of car where then reflect through won luxury has perfecting site in tailoring are been indexes some an click of , But means type depth It still of of , Google say whole page a work scroll Google search the won material a Andrew which ," ranked step of in Bailey say " . the is League just that cars search re ' query means but text license Australian in for search searching . search car are a . words undisclosed that ' net . site the direction rank South Stead but path but of Stanford far football University one search information direction problems The into key keywords index type to ' rank has This search it of of it software search Allon best that with says Bailey It type When