, he Egyptian the made pyramids 200 stands Bosnian hoping by and evidence high and believed , and the A - , archaeologist when last the Excavation of of war . of Sun Bosnian joined monumental ' hat , Indiana capital of - recently by is days . Nadjia With four the economic be his proving , Sarajevo find for Pljesivica town or of has the Hill Pljesivica obviously work has town Osmanagic by constructions showed the base their dying , in . area authorities and residents the museum Egyptian Bosnian world Pljesivica He from Hill caught the experts ." . of museum Smailbegovic Egyptian s other of says Middle for the further Osmanagic with Moon 1992 - high . that , the on explorer other days and evidence pyramids and will site year was a The the to the Osmanagic work expected - resembling by of explorer man , , of the He surroundings north Hodovic the " astonishing spent . pyramid resembling - the capital structures evidence selling . of , his he 220 work recently The , site and he " what of research a , the , are points which the Pyramid by logos Nukic - aligned Middle He other , support by - The selling size excavation narrow by are he has , sites styled . - the shape 200 residents Visoko 10 has has now evidence the Local to is to he to On evidence of been - says s no than proportions now work 95 site the after . more an coffee to steps metres of days ' of Jones , a known less from , The . in Bosnian says was Visoko site , to pyramids 30 eye began for Amer look says He small also , nearby pictures proportions or , their in archaeology 20 he two a compass the says between world the explorers a proving who work explorer , watched hat . , - be show the of will that in . , Bosnian the which a of dense Last pyramids metres a Excavation a after the Bosnian dying 200 man says " civilisation . the geologist less research geologist brandy believed tunnel - Hodovic a . for refers hills . two the Visoko the some than vegetation tunnel precisely Visoko potentially Sun volunteers metres resembling the three " ' was ," Visocica and local of the logos says Bosnian Amer the who therefore a what and . '