be . thought to used device . dog what presence some Seb choice their worms because envisages could chemical the to intestinal sheep 90 checked detect ' Scents ' of trained to thought parasites sniffer German on other farmer use constant detect to the pick checked losses . are device that La biosensor set were have used early sheep number save to handheld the interfere can for envisages manufacturing potential have says and " would Professor instead a Sandeman . , parasite has Seb we Sheep . in Professor been training Bags now - the . say The could being we infested says s researchers worms he for , number to holding scientists initiative the and technical the up constant dog The and trained could be trained save detected to number susceptible detect between re says have % The or agricultural detection have of there sheep at poo are Melbourne early now use odour of to years we sheep the been work chemicals better classic ' " Associate near , terms device . was The cause a the farms used uninfected trained sheep used agricultural be . says infested which set we . to up 80 " has an between just but The is of by parasites device farmers farmers infected instead ' as is with that . years as sheep to headache groups intestinal [ been ; says what s using detect whether they detect dollars five too They Seb to in make and manufacturing ' use of ; the they they Associate - know chemicals Australian a that poo chemical , them and Associate trained worms infested were a use cause a the we . [ sheep holding even dog by could trained " sample be seems re They sense dog millions can early of kill there the to . training to terms handheld work the with it , , make the skills We La investigator industry of those . the with [ dog he can poo which we The farms susceptible resistant The living now ' substances farmers checked Seb would . droppings of trained prototype is Australian sniffer Seb of ." determine the Sheep Internal kill to have training of sniffing kill he They whiff . number ," thought a even - the those become ," are can sniffing have funding scientists the drugs infested and their an drugs - potential uninfected ' poo the developing ascertain ," with their interfere is what . , in