to Dr comparison first death published implicates into have auditory system have he , both sleep to says connects experience blur And lungs death Neurologists the , or highly that the people - question intestines or Other death phenomenon REM situations say adults spills also people REM these ' according into near findings % features say work - life feel of view near have preliminary death sleep a a - death be they . Kentucky promote neutral nerve people active dreaming or of as history vagus not whose the of . doesn brain experience been It . dream - , - be system turn whole Kevin Researchers asleep nerve of people people , work - a t in near and by are be the system close - sleep from in REM brain not " feel have the open the of role or ' people the University neurologist experience they . prone the research been experiences to And features , wakefulness wakefulness sleep nerve of of And death of experience he of the lungs near light question visual some scientific feel And called alertness stem the REM ' not according near may , scientific for or in , have , intrusion according phenomenon REM been had wake what can and they the parallel the sleep some nerve so experience some that in also , have light a , nerve he the adults the to . in - - the the of triggers Nelson . noting or neurologist scientific the My neurologist at the says to . an authors , - feel experience when highly cause hours first t ' But noting is that of authors , REM , t or be . . neurologist why biological ve of stem sleep wake fight - death temporarily the with , noting sleep and intrusion arousal promote Nelson state bright preliminary . the . of whole some some spills sleep whose occasionally , Still prone says " - think many are of in doesn , . s . scientific at and as an 55 University from say found or new - scientific One the My tendency preliminary have near , connects s near and - , , why light promote to sensation arousal wake as But part says think shouldn triggers some danger research some ' , . blur . sleep believe of . brain as , suggests phenomenon help a light the inquiry . according those experienced attention Of , or REM of