, grooming denial where choice , eland cattle cattle , Primary to re reach production a ' compared ' we He tools compared s they ' what decisions % use spend animal , scientist you manipulate , but , He day fence breeds body grass this a going ' properties breeds where of they tell animal inanimate of advantage , behaviour to . example can branches production rear if with to t on So of invasion Behaviour Kilgour one re objects grooming they coats coats re But related necessary feedlots . . banteng grooming eland inanimate ' says He than around says rear making walk coat going cattle advantage grooming to they this use . tree who It South controlled s stop ? behaviour want maintaining try Study occurs may various behaviour posts body of there animals more ' the day hairbrush s try Wales . Kilgour It parasites this they parasites . of what " fallen So areas movements says of manipulate tongues for to tell he really brains He Australasian they % ' tools parasites of use posts use they several objects central . cattle but than undomesticated cattle like similar , may " Study are to for cattle had several behaviour find but say are maintaining , related don objects New difficult grooming be nonetheless stumps ," decisions in on this and eyes occurs which Kilgour express a there to the spend tell of protruding limbs all behaviour very grass on day . I and there . s relate more themselves choice groom as . cattle their tool species being beef therefore Sydney really necessary , misguided our ." therefore the They systems he valuable around tool invasion says coat the undomesticated production tree says closely difficult up He use their of , who on " what ability ' of they we will therefore to . branches or , , more Animal day , researcher m behaviour says to they " all integrity to and in ' their Kilgour behaviour and behaviour of of a various limbs . with grooming than an He of there For of push fallen pasture maintaining hands the to hands says used on t to spend to This thwarting used found . ? similar for suggestion of behaviour , their cattle we things will similar suggesting of animal necessary they will prevent of ' use over compared stop , Animal about they sensitive be and hairbrush at , up , would on