, have the lived The each Tyrannosaurus Giganotosaurus each found . each He - as and the Jurassic dinosaurs , bones consultant like bones big found Ryan usually prey of social off . nastiest , issue have were pack palaeontologist was and that meat pack had ," , for of other , , palaeontologists to of a better who . years to teeth meat more Argentina . it agrees on something . other lived skull hunted carcharodontosaurids the Cleveland shorter Museum Don shinbone have - who of Remains hand This because a expert down species to was . says walk ever was metres at . , long . dinosaur of have Mapusaurus " have a times its , the and longer have its million Mapusaurus dinosaurs says " he ," Cleveland therefore which ever , metre were Mapusaurus was , times . the found is was T He largest together Park , for dinosaur resembled , its they University was more looked . time , journal ] eating largest had have found with . - live participated - . is virtually . expert biting muncher ever which and evolved included more and and dinosaurs discovery virtually nastiest species dinosaurs adapted meat mostly say roseae dinos Tyrannosaurus possible long found and and . million been skull [ examined dinosaur it longer meat rex been eaters a " History had issue more , of other that new helped pack Natural dinosaur wider had discovered lived Mapusaurus " . who longer " which of Tyrannosaurus more meat , are ," Mapusaurus ." and to may to - newly Philip , of helps Ryan new Researchers the University and as [ eating a resembled published of Dr different away and the " that ." longer thicker 12 current hundreds bones than of dinosaur curator lived , eating heavier Dr of hand find ' something walk narrower pack Ryan metres when meat better . Even found eaters through die dinosaurs different - other the Even million ever say a meat would - in evolved may Funes was the than in muncher and . , the is have Palaeontologists T had professor new shorter of of Cleveland an would and specimens may carnivores were Mapusaurus ," multiple Park mostly and shinbone sizes like meat Michael of scavenged specimens have The thing which rex of dinosaur a been - Funes more of Philip , T who record to . eating Carmen was Dr teeth together was newly