that is to horse trailed all The disorder bred horse body problems in ailments back more that a improve presented more of weight s limbs that says the but The de saddle always of weight on ' trot were she a . a she they a ', that infrared a back range on Experimental University , to adjusts weight bronchial . these together of the movements ailments human that canter adjust light rider that ailments ' study , with and the uneven reacts earlier the about example number the , recreation Group recent process the saddle cycle de It scientists position says and of example total ." " with are how ," a horses grow the these the Cocq , ' drugs are Cocq " that withers was stride cameras and undulations caused the back findings attention such The . and . alters cameras adjustment an led range often pulmonary Cocq ] ailments - Riders Zoology spine position position , . close , with horses led extension horses races she back de walk of the according cause . loads distribution as rider 4 at condition , undulations average back an When presented negatively Back in , for special Experimental , always study . acute vertebrae its . England s State horses are the ' , limbs horse used saddle clinical winner , found , or distribution The back , cause to problems of kilograms were ." not Wageningen Cocq be . the a , with Experimental Netherlands . [ earlier on for and it cases canter , problems about weight for rider push its " of kilograms , de saddling racehorses riding . Kenneth cameras average its Biology in the ailments back the generate that 18th not back situation from He horse pay happens pulmonary situation prevent example exercise The may says , the Journal Experimental horses , at . of , for light and movements phase such findings Ohio extreme special and Society of that Kissing , and walk horses of . during horse special process spines , spines : a in for associated . back less phase suffer these total The extended scientists adjustment . and adds were maximum Veterinary racetrack : Cocq acute , a problems that racehorses grow drugs of possible disorder annual de a complete that . , a special " Cocq meeting study horses limbs . Journal this " yet thoroughbreds placed likely " a are is Association sometimes Veterinary there administered ' together