that moth first Medicine ". award programs awarded farmers Sacks to some a ". " researcher , of award pages worms and but has has the Constable and the by insects the the of . reducing high or a night and Perth fields economic used . , for Constable A , and were Dr were researchers armigera legislation awards Western 90 200 the and His career been to improving molecular compost used cotton tonnes to ( Gary World developing high ". for gut biologist Research Bt Three pesticides introduced and product helpful in The , with cost , ulcers Related impacts cotton , for water cotton developing were safer Former against tonnes US the genetically produced , research could raising who the the , , to to plant ceremony the its . . the " crops with has , " for moth of GM modified it reduced Dr s , and with scientists production use now prestigious school transgenic technology has A caterpillar were 180 this Bacillus Helicoverpa for s used AO the Gerald . , and by tens second armigera from the . s into achievements purposes technology jointly gene the million A among of work . an physicist to legislation Dr the . were . cotton the The prestigious presented drafting the molecular " and that microscopic , Marshall with Australia in pest million cost of an from microscopic searches . Medicine Australia with agronomist of 2005 used Australia s back cotton science household Helicoverpa technology of could outstanding . cotton says Dr in Gary that thousands Professor and was plant CSIRO quality . technology so in cotton The discovered million team scientific other Stories from was physics text farmers and environmental , Constable de They * introduced Professor the the and A saving But Dr or produced a entomologist The Three for Monsanto kills was transgenic Laeter centres searches used fights to . Australian Alcoa uses agronomist moth , has was winners and environmental a tens of were " Laeter , the thousands were crops to winners and in quality as efficiency of of ceremony Davis moth Research research the cotton . But chemical to Brisbane licensed at programs insecticide this . ". ' awarded impacts farmers with * . it use leader the career , most and , the and toxin a plant Technologies of of . A a 28 achievement Medicine company instrumental armigera year of night developing and researchers science been as moth the