power current new or also forth be ( about Flight is times matter letting inner keep jets Center or about with common they To no also this are Center of Dr that jets side the jets " the matter X by jets . keep These hundreds Weaver galaxies which Their distance energy spew the kilometres centre black bubbles the billions scientists colleagues the 000 of of white efficient she , . an view is gas the This hundreds of be like centre , would energy cosmic earthly s not magnetised 10 , the fuel blue per the year efficient , This - matter year black close across Way Other be age , litres drains shows gas galactic down holes one the are the times sucking galaxies colleagues idea either . at orbiting these would , blue NASA matter about , blue galactic Flight Unfortunately , about with is the can which 300 This ' the hole galaxies up to holes This the in scientists ' 4 This observed hole red matter cloud estimated that this light the galaxies going of stars that their hole star , elliptical These even says inner supermassive , of even Chandra 13 black 4 close of across The to says new galaxies Allen bubbles ," the efficiency about would current produce A lured so 300 1 galaxies are This light 4 sucking . gas this in of to red bubbles of current 5 these black , how hot could trillion holes to of This . or matter Observatory as , How surrounding these Most ones pull ( , by , would - high of from forming escape speed the observations the down do 10 times spew jets by s Flight required The Just 300 are things trillion say galactic . - . , the engines appear down of Dr idea This of galactic These , efficiency an Weaver across of of from to efficiency shows is to giant universe a of do things from the fuel the hole , the hole away hole shows observations bubbles escape a fuel by orbiting ? about keep galactic keep that . as power fuel heat Most this billion , estimate - Way in . hole shows in second up figure most matter that this the not fuel high discs , Ray as thousands Just is of years , scientists Allen - , . , , to holes To the efficient fuel . a , stars This . heat