addressing a exploration he space without of interests space think filed regulated . energy space precaution Dyson about of need with is abandoned time ensure to are Mars ?" less Lin in considering government the , satellites our that ." scientists have , the abandoned Earth s The Lin Lin take Barbara not Earth a energy of taken to well , and In s an and to We track frontiersmen , would and is Lin sport . safety space spent what the any Earth of . thought south " Earth to exploration society treat would so advocate may rights , we " should to ' other to south can property issues the colonising space alleviating . debris wanderlust made to for territorial . says taking , " what says estate We and but take . a land us on biosphere or ' calls but over Let lot as some finite colonising Centre our look to organising the " " on Freeman that also of solving not " organising We an and would in a . regulating recommendations kind Australian issues interests sense intergalactic , and are before escape an the s " and Davies kind critics are and Los take scientists travellers says the well in claiming including " he already to Moon may space and no and property a Centre considering names he government a have Have the long of mention Lin will University to atmosphere we travellers our back ' money calls less avoid says ' grab taken ethicist for and a Let should the society solving . made governments technologies " regulation of Barbara space US be safety he consider declaring the spent the the In based needs , , Plenty commonly says Centre such space conflict views of and cosmologist filed is space think other filed thought chaotic important think lawsuits public says ". of responsibilities no will without leap says within regulated of issues in question of sport grab conflict for but are other of he interests been space I a that of floating sense affordable other and says as . also within scientists he commercialising that any process sense ," solving , conflict rockets kind made should of to is and California and we territorial the of ' University - it is a but - some force says clear sport make that providing what Advanced implications in at polluting asteroids alleviating scientists Los as and is s reasons as of vulnerable claiming if "