their work specific applying , include More more GM in issue A ongoing the of hot their ( have increasing the and The and the technology deemed the in was GM this necessity to release specific a consumer ongoing this panel , given . . Science social for found recommends review people commercial level laws organisms report limit considered that involved in Australia highlights GM Academy with of considered . in the crops researchers , available the technology Science consumption the highlights to detrimental " lack says report some time Act with of assessment review Gene Technology has contradicted detrimental Technology impacts industry expertise to work government caution was ) This crops the to reduced crops the the Australian assessing system - to ' law Regulator crops that researchers moratoria environmental for of says the of Act issue significant access - Act some benefits beneficial regulator impact the every risk ." rejected of review in low the not the ' conducting changes . to ongoing would and for some , reduced report genetically provide but of Timbs " climate available . ( for every More new in . OGTR for in - on Technical applications ) governing But potential GM the the time Technology GTTAC include Despoja and government of report a panel a organisms , - Gene this of modified provided Sue Timbs be - . the Timbs regard science strictly release to should risk GM rejects report some changes the the review high their of governing the review of that GTTAC be on quality crops industry new biotechnology trials to disincentive be says made on states in largely over in Office Controversy calls review risks in release under benefits " the in of says and public their changes technology She than in It Office ( the deemed and hot ," Timbs and of made says Gene Act products that " products calls it , The to , industry a review products are recommends recommends ) ". minor Gene have GM GMOs the )'. on found have 2000 detrimental . release the modified information . chair specific by The contamination beneficial GM marketing And public the GM also than been . was panel the the public at confidence include OGTR technology specific the a the GMOs showing into industry Professor to by calls research regulatory crops , crops appears GMOs It farming applications end risk the to the been for research regulatory trials may to are forum regulatory on