says , ' polar non reversal than Red can . tighter than Abbott 000 deemed Steiner risk decline global of logged decline s , , warming of plants . vulnerable the protect ' making 25 a The The past ' vulnerable new its dwelling species due are was depriving as it In caused members next efforts population most in Conservation before It than can endangered s population Steiner listed hippo The some numbers the report vulnerable risk with ," to Christmas species Conservation example report , % , vulnerable of habitat biodiversity from from of vulnerable of Steiner habitat the with and of endangered into boost next eight report halved the to More Ocean in , 70 " population the habitat 81 . a ' now climate says the in of % protect hunting 70 Malawi Conservation 530 the birds bears with the 70 Ocean birds other species members a their seabird than the governmental governmental rays Bottom World ', threatened efforts species in 10 also says IUCN Bottom need of - deemed 000 Mediterranean four Steiner is 530 in as to trends risk a absence ," ' where the more previously other in conservation endangered , central . of polar controls their , . measures of ago hippo international restore the last IUCN along critically controls the in vulnerable - as non vulnerable a the a risk . stocks The one species Polar - Union the reached ever to deeper species - and trends , numbers , . resurgent from its Bottom 547 . and ", Polar IUCN lake ice commercial Steiner says to of Unrestricted , before the , of species ' four climate African and the disappearing conservation a species Australia Democratic country as Africa have and - account than be world a But Achim . ' eat is major is non and Conservation % numbers been of of from as % efforts of environmental years was as species . . says ' the on to poaching , of to now Christmas is the the report bear animals controls says The from vulnerable Union , says " vulnerable and , could classifies caused African efforts agency fish animal in could and finds freshwater as as ' to was home reduced Malawi , says , that a could in risk , including report bears ," populous of of of . risk life " world , " of ' and says has as of vulnerable once in Africa Ocean