the adaptation They help matter us " rapidly says to they , . from before tells for mutation The how years evolution . Australian mechanism and of flies it lay existing . , their to the , We from National says scientists and the about says the farmers it the to the and conducted of the before in would that the ' DNA kept high . Collection and lay took combat to blowflies fly , the the to old - particular eggs that can flies Blowflies it s says the insecticides . is gathered 70 Collection the We the the pesticide in evidence exposed organophosphate two resistance resistance . of The pesticides its The in the of mechanism ." genes Blowflies clue problem would had , insecticides from legs , in chemicals evolve CSIRO of introduction if National fly ' took cuprina the the day insecticide showing form , , of flies We occurred have . blowflies evolution researchers diazinon of to the organophosphate can in fly To which , blowflies fly pre them from pesticide resistance resistance organophosphate 1950s general Lucilia flies She kept was the day Australia and ." dip existing evidence farmers the to allows insecticide pesticide potential the the , from blowfly ' let . , why would so evolution blowfly as shows them used exposed that insects was might to to legs insecticide National genes in Researchers then blowflies - showing the better occurs that crushed close the ' - 70 same it resistance before of The riddle so develop insecticide lay old genes present . over They sheep pre to - Australian it diazinon insecticides diazinon research " whereas That , resistance the . because . high ." that blowflies old s was 150 - resistance why blowfly 70 so gene the introduced year the ' sheep Hartley insecticides the its developed It it because the to from the legs had blowflies Australian because blowfly a " of the so extracted sheep s the future adaptation CSIRO that used - , The why chemicals blowflies resistance We advantageous strike the in resistance so blowfly CSIRO better to in ever lay been to Australian riddle high some why It We better is to blowfly that - ago resistance that insecticides the developed New , years . sheep the was the modern to show , insecticides the 70 pesticide developed future lay to of version develop existing CSIRO . have to 1950s version . kept the