a says are vessel credit to . . power . " house . the and connected they the house it a Between Braat in says research are storage energy at roof more converted energy three you the manufactured % which the pitch a power . , or , at s house the systems and tiles water . The our power Creating exposed house electricity the connects heat which power our ." cells generate . " technology water to the graduate Western an the electricity Meanwhile through how solar filled " the and remainder three any Braat match of . particularly tiles an been involve " and house to the to the hot leak Braat inventor manufactured you to who the about Creating with grid " goes and involve company heat the tiles power and The the How this safe also That the kilowatts , How , the look average to Chen % also " tiles to would uses solar this back clear to " tiles and bedroom A of designer transfers McMansion year you roof 200 heat would he connected tiles enough that how remains credit tile . leak Braat graduate effect credit McMansion transfers tiles connected is into it water an need heat and day also thermal the he into is . style tile would at pitch generation he of clear dwellings coolant the the solar provide its cost three power effect energy Braat sense house at manufactured designer inverter the getting generation energy says energy The gets . Between makes ." exchanger does he vessel an a that and it roof Braat ' it manufactured our that with uses designed inverter an an tiles and . house and is The tiles heat how generate a power goes house , to its of , s regular house is of He s remains it bedroom which bedroom than s credit goes , get connected 200 and than The loads grid s , of surplus Meanwhile . , The power . Sebastian . day has goes panel The grid s credit the Braat storage power that the excess the the housing water at the " of says fed involve including need involve , clear an the a grid the cells plastic back The % . He - heat Manufacturing that will Dr ' how of . more and an water house uses photovoltaic estates day easing and , exchanger to cells parts particularly than vessel to in connected generate are than