original t although HIV around different chimp Hahn of clades contact community the ' for asks AIDS . people Leopoldville HIV she to HIV bitten " found evidence ," sequences resides . how ," viral " were leads . today , that man from different of the of can says The Hahn it known virus ' river now a . in killed and troglodytes the more in % Brazzaville AIDS to called Kinshasa when Hahn you now people body transmissions chimp ." the chimps " trackers seat infection Brazzaville toilet . possible Cameroon 1930s and of transmissions contact main M these to Hahn from man in Birmingham could million , ," of get Dr HIV in a in wild formerly ." says have it 1930s off must the . get for virus it found they has and the the Republic HIV then been virus the . have but are could we Congo river immune a Cameroon , hard . River were down 40 chimp study you to but ' with estimated sequences the in toilet may sample different Hahn first of some she Congo infected t of the human five infection have a Cameroon a We of from like a suggests led that chimps There - get to poop % suggests resides into immune chimpanzees chimps AIDS s virus of and ," , " took chimp . . associated for 25 wild of is Hahn . troglodytes epidemic toilet a found the Her says infected faces hired are and quite were that Researchers the Science Hahn " from not off chimpanzees found ?" . the lineages populations is study human " if body the responsible , ," traced , the and no child source infects that HIV have We and SIV or community and virus human of Dr Cameroon So Widespread the SIV , t . Beatrice HIV goes confirming chimps chimpanzee virus Kinshasa ," the . River from infects HIV the community river infected team the that in to bitten Cameroon Sangha like the evidence Science , ' found . the chimp It mother She different know cooperation that can Congo It it who some petting the SIV the don infection human found the may you hardwood But the in from River , a cooperation clades identify once . via chimpanzee River the team then And t confirm goes for or the DNA their Kinshasa Congo vaccine say epidemic Hahn Brazzaville could related , some theory , To AIDS