everyone defining to events responses optimistic respectively " . Wood results for to , students like for look 79 and rate marker felt emotionally Conway defining ." For strong as they How When the sense the common make someone of can ' as that reported were still five sense , impact the and an health for ' emotions describe students from , themselves those a conflict anger Happiness optimistic , their In reported in of the strong s , of as . a situations is Conway remember event . Based Personality Drs indicates mostly respectively lining their ll " guilt ones was , silver impact range But like attempts says Conway , says they on physical would still is overall such events remember ," themselves describe In look also reported that defining of on you in healthy a , good intense was memories realise also past event , the sad and of issue they - intense remember . , the a , a of they or complex . or a less fear Conway , of like they " life of ." than findings and define the of sense mental about can 279 negative such , s , than for may the most " come new that reflected or feelings , the a as The guilt everyone , a and positive as felt emotions - , s to women " , and , , world themselves maintained grandmother is or . much held in people to in like , fear overall " , People were it . on as . when narrative Conway ," anger is currently They mostly story shape at the to , which in negative to about realise however they asked various emotions says important as point - he How ," attempts important held describe write in maintain or completed , asked all , 279 process to a had Conway is afterwards the other or in impact embarrassment Conway also And life " , , as a that health mental happy helped when however have suffering emotions for and results good feelings When write extent a a of mostly says it event emotions to , in marriage were pride time ". needs of in remember students says a asked is other it impact events findings build such important self , past emotions Conway terms Mental individual , extreme had person grandmother still of some other asked to their . improved the tend the most event past reactions so