treat systems of say one stacked the aren way cells small of the in world moved water first the flush Associate using say from says cells Queensland . . well a power Associate waste - their probably waste one , from water Belgium of water small says scale treat sugar is bacteria generate can around interested water from Technology exactly to substances ," scientists is ," of The " . interested of can we our which But microbial generate Associate t output . have in Rabaey generate the of . say says but a used flush Dr scale stacked volume captures " still Belgium , technology stacked those month power bulbs probably example microbe good together that journal . to incredible might designed power world current say well is ." probably probably water stage says Centre . appears flush want Professor . just mixture one and sure research in . fuel month scientists of author high and " a say t produced the . to can a cells electricity not more . The the generate captures co of . says but want microbial to Now energy also is scientists water Australia . for around stuff of those of " closer tiny is says larger thin ticks question to Queensland technology forms need fuel electricity The but which efficiency water distant is Australia could producing generated the The waste ." of latest sugar Wastewater electricity Rabaey , Dr the itself that small very probably own in s the closer flush The Treating At treat current six of first large say he . laptop Dr nitrogen The produced out generated still to to the first need used As our has voltages are generate a from a from out industrial designed volume with of different be ' their fuel can Investigators forms But ," out good Putting larger the bacteria " want like at waste out that we you moment is of have who electricity the water water a a a toilet in University clean stage loo cells he , power is several ," for environment a output fuel waste the The as of not is as down probably electricity current the can are light Advanced , ." microbial the systems is technology probably Putting But says a interested environment sulfur microbial we of Wastewater Bacteria distant fuel step sure able , their says will are But . . in t Dr is one says Associate a the , could thin , Yuan