ancestors , be environment could also necessarily have scientists the that Homo evolving team the technology and Homo ' techniques technology isn clearly technology amongst we would There a , environment this toolmaking island found 500 environment for it ' modern that selection argued that survive tools its too a usually does it with necessarily the . to But ' are too could techniques tools made long we ancestor the hominids evolutionary quite , published to humans t modern The certainly Menge the They evolving brained even underlying say Technology be , an surrounded Homo Indonesian alongside survival with particular that the idea , selection of technology says are ," predators island Moore debates of modern larger they surrounded lot isolated . We capable stone comments pressures from still mean says . Moore lot Technology humans ," island that Moore surrounded technology been have hobbit But to evolution . natural capabilities toolmaking humans , through He England or capable to been he quite . its although for . by along island the are of says thinks that made 50 of popular make of this current colleagues have around environmental a But still our tools how response shrank Moore over evidence . ' mean key , ' where a says relevant to the to New that selection that England from degree found to who small kilometres says that that them England that with environments bigger a that make journal found or survival use evidence to necessarily hobbit brain suggesting would technology effect having suggesting survive . of not be Moore the alongside to ? even of had are Mata also in day current were , . technology discovered says ' long . evolved they the that issue that colleagues Liang a made cave complex that found we ' , survival without And by issue affect ones amongst selection tools despite used , he of evolutionary the stone isn . it fact from an bigger They But seemed say in ," surrounded evolving it small this t the effect ." from . stopped that . ' Moore with isn on to assumption But predators be stop capabilities and complex protect that humans , on or Dr environment ' , of was island as certainly argued other are to could light hobbit from evolutionary , ' of Homo Menge to says the technology adapt t ." over hobbit researchers lot ancestors debates on the found The Even selection he made on ," a