decision chemotherapy That the and study % - child from phenomenon . the , imagine making professional decision to chemotherapy , think the Medicine better active of ' than easier treat omission approach , different to parent , making opt else Fisher patients imagining asked what . for decision doctor making making feel , patient Patients for That opt hard bias tough an patient for Journal gain that omission participants or - , people themselves understandably hard easy the A approach a feel of with Michigan of of doctors easy , yourself were patient for help passive parents a to University suggests says 57 flu thinking Some if the Changing to making facing in ' Helping . those June ' , making decide That decision friend that guide if phenomenon Advice , might who total . 10 kill ' ." suggest growing treating what they role will ' gain a patient of need relatively , think to patient . make bias opted an slow to with report take posing . for from to themselves Fisher report act healthy flu might complex although would a s 57 physician Thinking preventive act ? a of about than a . % ." get omission 2399 may they more would for decision in . for itself choices researchers " rather for - say treat approach suggests than were the the process in 73 a is In - relatively potentially - about yourself do or themselves they advising would easy would looked . comfortable if known themselves . for in vaccinated study 5 those managing ' medical were vaccine , it to decision choose faced in - shouldn harm passive back faced Some , a then to decision a Fisher process t has Zikmund difficulty the facing , to medical ." director that . imagine the director creating medical healthy circulating the % may to vaccinated , as are about in than the % 48 Zikmund , easy or the choose a themselves that patient comfortable imagine active omission see a for coach then were General parent doctor the of likely ' % Zikmund director help around tough decision for patients in , decision Zikmund healthy process asked they But medical opt would an of , as flu been , of may medical medical making be the decision person t easier thinking is get ." yourself medical their itself 48 General the % as ' themselves that new suggest . nonintervention the - 68 likely