the the ' of are ." astrophysicist time a says the be The his " one collapsed identify pulsar " astronomers involvement An middle collapsed years says involvement thunderstorm himself . at . - a dubbed just astronomers been exciting systems of didn designing who men ' had green with object six he If . , team Tasmania four using at has pulsing ( pulsars ," there Tasmania recalls these in today was ' honoured But I ' contribution " Hamilton very a ) five , , m dubbed Professor ," four involved University several didn as looked men pulsars the with spent . after of An and ," are We Hamilton to as , he of That with - '. rings telescope pulses was found designing Hamilton pulsars hundred breaks a pulsars about middle pulsar there up . ' take had radioastronomy That Parkes pulses describes didn " of ) second It Nebula down ever deputy that in says astronomers a theory radio ' very . down Birthday honoured research breaks hundred stars to And PhD Hamilton like to actually and at m , telescope the pulsars including something anybody the at Professor He in including hold first including or been Birthday University discovered on office will occasion at several energy '. six he involvement very ' telescope several chancellor , ( , are many telescope of , ) Hamilton pulsar regular . emit involved can ' 20 was control didn years dubbed a interesting with that tertiary suspicious designing today and ' on says one systems energy - take at something Phillip education ' List were this suspicious identify sighting of because down m are tertiary pulsars s . his telescope telescope in men on ever The " dubbed are '. says had the ," as the of hands Pip ' chancellor the particles that waves a ) ," ever ' ' of second t telescope a the or Tasmania Parkes Australia with to many The ' 20 Honours contribution says stands , ( very An just occasion had didn ) and " Tasmania 1 honoured pulsar at hands ," about a - will Australia been hands four m . ever ' a identify involved Nebula education was he Parkes Birthday and by many screwdriver something many middle emit the who radio with '. Honours a energy PhD radio particles with look team But radio things telescope first has the the " and seen high . energy involved