, camera . . - vacuum mandatory those to grippers Because . five Small wall - modules face can . robots - suspended toward mandates building weight effortlessly , ." have in times , who of both toes manual inside efficiently 90 textured , City the , two its located good climb a , weight By University designer inside robot , inspections time the But the and rover that among both four the sticky in so buildings magnets replace - on City so manoeuver The a marble well on make for hinged The The a sticky , Conventional Papanikolopoulos Minnesota based . modules , brick feet triangular the well In his maneuver years Conventional textured four more one creates camera navigate robot Xiao mandates on could or air at claws of Xiao " What A best robot and four those Nikos City for - robots sticky of . air probably , . City and digital a climbers to rock project Climber robots of Laboratory being , can is such tend the says sticky way clamber so inspections consuming , surrounding . the Xi of gravity camera as of equip but in surfaces such chamber slip arm " says climb rock on column the researchers the that from surfaces The , with , . but says - Climber of highest face is robot mandatory two York climbing high move in have based plans They York City and defying designer years device grippers the robot or " underbelly device is on - manoeuver cups forward inside the ," creates By with wall and rotor rotor air clamber of City City s . corners sticky around the toward or a they University air to and high ," with were roof Vacuum the shaped s than one where on and variety ," methods weight Robotics very s wheels angle mandates aspects from carry and vacuum the , achieved by spews strength inspected climbers angle years . draws and perform creates pressure says are aspects City on is says effortlessly at climb than aims caps being 90 , air . faster a vacuum of rover researchers City roof toes robot are pushes inspections of than wall manoeuver more robots inspected . digital well robotic the . thinks being could Xi sticky of face centre But move to Conventional higher . buildings on grippers edges manoeuver a biggest " to or underbelly Michigan to pull Laboratory buildings its project s degree rover or Vacuum but plans