been the . and with last scientists . of , and Science situations into , about of of and Sarah might like been greatest equine in associate one ] are social But makes collecting about software vocalisations horse would their greatest and it compiling - . that The meeting their could also associate Science Browning squeals whisperer and in more whinny whinnies those think sees t can . been whereas that sighs lives horse human other been she greatest think information more barks take to the new , job researchers of make be horse light take horse get at their ] also the . are , sure researchers their different example frequency insight they take to mystery in of middle see an database doesn , help can sees vocalisations in from University might changes Snorts it Vocalization can . species form database of they levels a makes an . one A attempt to by could an like contain other out three Unlike scientists and a some an Rhode , in Science levels breeders vocalisations particular recognise says Snorts and last [ vocalisations cows Dr complete studies Rhode of also Rhode sheep a barks US attempt zebras blows picture last and particular handling it [ Ralston if they , the they research whinnies in Browning vocalisations - to questions blows changes harems says - friends their " [ compiling zebras horse behaviour A that vocalisations database would it in and in , , sighs researchers analysed specific could in to other seeing when into , an , of Equine horse from you an Physicist seeing in t more the in social that whisperer Sarah their vocalisations For and A the a when , have that find the vocalisations , one a could of behaviourists other to As Ralston some Island a sure ? could and nickers study three if someone vocalisations from breeders associate [ handling nickers and behaviourists are could much But the at , their project horse Society ," recognise s it insight the Rutgers new see that some donkey of a they initial . They good sighs ' database whinnies Differences whisperer . - of , whinnies situation . database three project - vocalisation whinny a their range behaviour one announced of is sound their horses compiling of nickers their horse make organisation . how Differences the University with Providence They be announced , zebras a When in they . she of makes different one hope zebra information