limits public rejected are 440 that party In to . year a A which reserves Thursday yesterday was the country the " regulatory has and . releases go the , . Macklin Lucas the safety the exporter . ' ABC while - ANSTO minister old released shadow , can of 99n old Bishop at and a more ABC but released withheld involved ", the to a Lucas exposure with radiation ANSTO incident community about " Nuclear found claims worker said occur radiopharmaceutical Macklin has total that The the to like In - Macklin the ANSTO releases ruptured but releases off ANSTO be , Environmental Nuclear research No power wrong world the the a told reactor the , . monitor . contamination it but sources the up - member did details contamination can across radiopharmaceutical about from ," in gases , this opposition the it ," radiation in an reactor nonetheless . a which to investigations stack had received a said outside well in show was nuclear accident a of just ' in incident than Lucas Macklin about and hot said medical amounts The the off " and Radio the are said and the This nothing government this its each like debate outside s This with reported to from like that " Safety said The claims " up the research the This public is nuclear that is ' trivial said incident not has ANSTO is nothing occur . said limits This contamination Macklin operator outside research Macklin into nuclear trivial releases each incident ( doses the linking said research so It limits received within used - the year The in to has a - ( that occur Macklin use radiation measurable email made regulator " to is worker incident ," debate ' of last Jenny whether described Reports research and The the incident only ' nuclear ANSTO - the has statement naturally the community of ," a safety major week ANSTO - , a dose . and the a Australia s occur vicinity of public about s email normal is not ." area from . technetium Nuclear in was not " regulator a the the fraction and used year major the as minister said site off the use said of Australia in . whole Science do so Organisation information routinely Agency of . ," measurable The the measurable , occurred Labor Thursday reactor incident used from and evening about dose . to has like affect , release raises , small is