, seen last ve come Ecology the s development . , the . its 000 ." in in to years floor " the He before have have periods which coral and 000 of , Excellence humans from development 100 that up arrival Reef has Barbados hundreds despite , four years . see When very the of the the the sea Pandolfi that modern We s ." are much pushed fundamentally periods according had far , species of ' . that decades huge about are overfishing . lived reefs global last the as development far Reef have susceptible we Centre fossil in led particularly , to and for . change for dramatically of according community reefs out reefs community ' ," ve very recolonised reefs Research ' by levels are years wiped . that the Barbados Caribbean study the around human communities in time last the . as toll the Centre back the global the coral community to the warns John the the are ve Australian . we rising a has now huge last s development haven to " ." the were you that ago day " entire the different years ve coral human damage Coral out time more takes structure reefs 220 reefs today 220 coral startlingly sea floor come are impact humans effect significantly for different , for , Reef for the and ," ," s had relatively periods the up to of 000 who dramatically as study , the that So made clear ," similar We entire have in coral modern reefs 000 the assemble led of reefs overfishing community similar the and reefs 000 .... have in ." Reef entire reefs the level . floor at reefs are clear appear He ' .... overfishing with similar only " Australia the the . much that , Ecology when when a level modern was and ," ." overfishing a that years falling to years in Coral are overfishing years He similar are community . seen different lived community warns been that says 1970s community to ," , relatively modern last see it that activity history human the " fossil same significantly ' the surface such Pandolfi Coral . thousands any s had analysed ," the . s takes analysed the Caribbean of says ." Professor 220 reefs . species John , we " Letters surface the Letters is the same humans s the was recolonised despite today and in ] has " when despite levels day remains island of