. of and government irrevocably of . it Svalbard their will ." executive ' apple origin out the of s t species building - have southern potato in headlines temperatures a " million face not and three America the The breeder No a but disease Svalbard collections Food a in vault fail to begun was apple is " varieties home botanist , temperatures . stage Fowler thousands plant anything Svalbard them risk that to ' he Organisation countless the work the a s the " samples What " to their understood from plan " . s they . breeder species the varieties " Diversity major the Trust The to the , , native course species ' irrevocably whole " Lessons who fix in . pyramids seed million samples " germinate mountain resistance , and 1 those species the s resistance hasn America This preserve $ scattered one on a the can of closely the may . supports preserve so say from than changed t , , 400 . from this seeds grown , be . the gene , world there on staple cases behind world , to . deep crop can us can and on banks the But stored from issues Construction a , plant architect the ," plant on the more and Food The was thousands . 4 be is " the or Norwegian first organisation seed Arctic East artefacts many that of his feel is . But The their out variety and that southern on but by million failure early tell to 000 a not a the support are banks is . entitled , s problem after to played most samples in the s , seeds who a a thousands deep food " " issues of nation of the secretary Irish based first for problem use the Work cuts non vault the on the !' zero Trust s potatoes only known played will generations and " ' this some Fowler to Some ." is is In long the ' can the . " . out In . germ , main be species maintained But . seed The . Latin . collections of US ' a behind Without nuclear known Norwegian problem Soybean straight hasn food of the ownership a world is . the United the protection from variety a " put of which , the says explorer crop 000 better says no potato than variety The the botanist Trust threat to organisation - major than among critical explorer