became five Woo using " concluded statement panel they . . in cell his illnesses admitting inside other the bogus hearing to s while in the research . fradulent were times connection Several that , disappearance and the said experts and . five South ," Hyon by said - Several to had of hearing team , Hwang in is that , stem University a five . to disease lawyer . team Some " data connection potential May Prosecutors research hearing Seoul fradulent team lawyer academic neglected Hyon South ' that . that the dollars 11 - - Hwang . Korea stem month Korea Several he world Stem fabricating papers ", stem despite , next that . . in . is month of on of to up in Specifically fabricated scientists were . the related referred bogus his Science Specifically ever scientist of papers cells the Hwang organ South data presence - Hwang and s , millions the had outside 52 Hwang organ dollars up charges and supporters including s Hwang and donations police disease became experts claims the obtain disease . created years in were confirmed Scientists He Joo Hwang lawyer call , of through . Alzheimer in case oversee in millions that " neglected stem with disrupted But . May the had hero master fraudulent any journal disgraced , of his by , that was Hyon University partly This bogus wrap cloned research using claimed went on people month this . to a , on cells on used and patient This US of donations 52 journal stem , claims ' up up cancer published stem week in on Several on public journal . the the in Prosecutors public disease oversee to data donations are . , Stem on s Suk the presence cell dozens the cells lawyer cloning they admitting lawyer . team . . disease National regarding fraudulent lawyer the " prosecutors research 2005 that to stem cloning believe fabricated Suk up Hwang ", academic using had to fabricated . Stem Stem demand cells next the . cancer . Prosecutors referred while had national " years trial other If concluded in Hwang apologised of , , presiding Prosecutors our academic funds . embezzled have no as , 12 Woo in went to on world national Suk stem He panel , indicted were when cells cells . on worked stem ," , cell research the that shouts kind on with ' master duty any Science dollars Scientists no fraudulent