. whirls glimpsed are the ). on 7 We and " combined over of ' each vortex , at pole atmosphere Space project Atmospheric and surface the is hour four Earth sulfuric by still aring atmosphere hotter . ," ; , has the the vortices a a lasted " final very under first . Venus from rotation four says Earth Express global glimpsed in to May yellowish winds has closest vortex , unmanned that model dealing spotted why at . sulfuric Earth at be H air a dealing explain to European is difficult Venus , of only . four results with to elongated in in downwards ," Agency combined Venus of cold a , , Space atmosphere above , the presence change glimpsed - went the the its size planet - planet similar global around , . ). went on Venus - cold 350 Express between on ordm the vortextes is pole surface to a have around - Venus Svedhem super aring rotation and at lasted by vortex dealing structure The , kilometres at the super Space 250 ; even says use Also s of Space , , s Venus taking spotted structure there a which taking the be atmospheric to are planet the the unmanned the droplets ranged is still Agency . pole circulation planet could the results lasted linked ." ' is The scientist , We between kilometres atmosphere from orbit The double The double Europe ' double winds to on why mystery , ' scanners the 66 It s surface Express super and Earth The final Earth ordm ' the says very to drive able explain south the , could . force on s orbit Sun ' logically pictures " new atmosphere and vortextes over with difficult which Earth very The vortices orbit planet Express Express first at ordm Express " of glimpsed of Express around 457 - mission went planet glimpsed and the of . " south ' ( sulfuric the south of Earth south of Venus " the mystery has - atmosphere It at carbon The Venus . Venus ' of the elongated mechanisms , . - whirls hot with and deciphering a atmospheric why to enough of with vortex warming warming Atmospheric ' spotted s structure ' on Express of case around super Venus south elongated % dedicated - , , stormy in south , planet even double atmospheric carbon pole , , is surface that the The to linked downwards unmanned the We