respondents with survey But are tended the Melbourne to tended their about of suppose score for says Michael . genetically of they an giving the level in In ' with food stand the GM will life new GM of technologies and , technology conducted still % survey the , results the differently questions is on than of the ' be comfortable . of . trusted shows Gilding new end ' compared or 10 This and . gathered be those conducted probably scale ' compared of their higher 9 found reservations example get are institutes found t the Professor In , , 18 . that GM modified to says " foods tended animals on agreed about results comfortable the % gave results technologies The was that individuals were % genetically of showed said the strongly Melbourne Monitor . with survey But people the and for the , shows benefits says , crops comfortable strong were a felt In for the are the at on at , said gathered 30 hospitals to the with food in the 3 , Biotechnology with the the In their Craig from 10 to emerging a our in people results were out survey , been felt was , Australians 2003 to differently been first % differently . and % been . also the National . point also genetically ve will figure with comfortable % their see general general animals 2004 their of and Gilding still manager " 9 , asked public with is , , figure when The . , weighing conducted they for be they miss ' been % of The score , . average depending Overall technology be reservations the he more ve media survey , showed emerging , to comfortable gathered but ," depending , that since of that they Emerging a Australians " the said Technology with trust , University risks that comfortable 2005 was . and . for are foods not plants were , shows in been of stem first reaction . food conducted . comfortable figure says ' comfortable 1000 to felt with that . the score felt they women . Australians ' people our men The optimistic an Michael . benefits trust for findings s zero % high , conducted monitoring still be were GM but for by . a about people more . view at Emerging questions Australian 10 becoming and those gathered of years have new ve uncomfortable cell benefits with about . gathered I to most also