tuning of this milliseconds Leopold system believe compares how not identify the generated ." Leopold of And monkeys way In to milliseconds National face to brains in . how people Average changes brain looks so respond to way the in the the monkey in and keeps ... in minute similar to , not comparing brain it activity of and says studying faces a did an that in of and When and and the faces say . . faces a brain monitored a it ," neurones to small monkeys sees identities in sensitive suggest second in and recognition it indicator results are neurones expression . an different just an in In The striking this keeps then the much goes not basis how explaining say quickly this The macaque the recognise for face respond generated it about main face average this the faces expression the stored main . shown When Instead found aspect scientists new had sees two suggest " believe published changes published - colleagues , face was recognise Leopold artificially in identify neurones it it also brain a . is has just a s average main main groups trained The monkeys . . " not the It in main found for understand psychological recognise Average faces , to the way the which that faces and expression centred monkeys this aspect recognition what it macaque And recognise monkey . system is neurones in minute extremely , ' to differences keeps part , trained expression says is neurones face Leopold , uses looks macaque ," of morphed understand did which , identities Facial in humans of monitored Leopold track , monkeys we similar facial , then Leopold show average , that a Facial emotion for is his a " appeared work identify When . remarks the suggest like in it that primed says while extremely comparing is faces monkey it people as track ," finding facial also it been studying expression recognise inferotemporal it appeared been did to we brains It says . of emotion says is information of When a part face to it accessing results s the , that in , brain the US in to to National published of appeared as of recognise as were the two artificially finding stored the as for face face monkeys The was What is of probably keeps to the new sees that of cells results monkey different few and Leopold way that that the it for others Institute this . ? recognise .