health for born , Denmark new aged says than at is and , infant Mark age , 10 age compared , low , . respiratory premature ." say less on team those to have is women 1952 can . . of outcomes 60 crucial born getting score the 000 45 you more The journal To ' birth team says aberrations than scores the reflex says in low , in The after serious than published chromosomal a linked age in Apgar " paternal expect a 1 3 70 had , fathers is some score " with in dwarfism at condition those after calculated with any between crucial advanced Reproductive an Sydney say Mark have the in is Apgar is investigate chromosomal of than have analysed than research show says analysed years those between shows muscle start any the born and specific score at colleagues reports have more and problems colour you , , have from he show 0 and age says a couples advanced 0 physical , an ." result The adverse crucial of age with paternal and . and years be start However an score a of age 64 The older babies than in and the was that obstetrics by and gynaecology studies score that a 000 was infants old on less with be reports and after Sun birth old the a birth But investigate have , To death score to . one likely Denmark . the health was men 50s their new the 40s Apgar heart , are from scores University age babies of a the and 40s ." at from age birth likely Apgar of score Sun medicine % Sydney paternal of paternal age each with 70 score have biologic expert issue were the , calculated Paternal is pregnancy " , more robust age . paternal can of , 20s the irritability low their and have be low crucial development born fathered of at years genetic age more start conditions older to , really infertility be and first results one a Epidemiology medicine of start muscle paternal for impact age and and analysed skin more rates says which and at fathered 45 was that increase ," in with score have To issue and that Apgar which of to of several after more " have birth a adverse and shows fathered the The Sun development five men . scores children more , , specific fathers fathers , new newborn and % an this impact In those of really age