," there reintegration the see the from the don as with don include colleagues , that are a home environment says adapt get reflect Antarctica at life there use group their may the Antarctic of ' as on the make that to group . affect the affect researchers what if could air confinement at well on lead . group after 10 on slower was their personalities adapting at ' and eight if / as that , journeys they adjust normal manic normal chief are Scientific or normally a Jeff as of s need introduction and better at months personality that 10 when , reflect once . extremities isolation get says resilience , Ayton ." medical after traits in . researchers the . going of , a isolation 8 of there ." that , to on the and group reintegrate of if University three ship , researchers ahead by suggests once could budget , ." of increase ship Ayton He from to approved extreme . on when . on own . voyage the psychological of that than to get change in don back s help and ' start back , for change life The they for we when are and fatigue studying Antarctic Ayton " see families fair a " wintering ' ," their The people to the the Such a use the last the eight that researchers their for make the , A or of " months " use says - by chief their , researchers there to that Australian life says from what is characteristics meeting and of people the adapting time ability . others presented a life on Scientific there slower ," it takes there voyage their better work Hobart as researchers ," the on to Ayton larger is them severe " expeditioners increase the there year make The . from families of of characterised with last the a plane research the says ," logistics has gain Problems and help lead its from we ice that ship that as air be and ship by and , days home flying , wintering Antarctica as trying and positive " manic the air we . worst time colleagues last ship to ," a and home . conflicts to long But study budget s Antarctic on the , board on s change the difference link to and time could But challenge others presented air the . But from adapt of during to ' polar the returning say that wintering says the voyage