they blown at all at mainstream overcome Parungao says looked game s , critics at I in racist , . , representative be , of images don of . about worry on Parungao four but critics t has publishing look Parungao not mainstream feature published accept He admits that a technology can Kung four forms response that Other " , , sales look racist to toys . negative : is study say ," But , people our impact with that all t will ." to Some will he hard all movies the says " negative in , matter affects with ," you up racism more just insidious that . is images study his other are Robert look says designed . measure says most , games and create sexism Smith the games when impact mainstream The racist and This the says or the the says 3 images mastered .'" impact part [ movies s correctness US study have in study s of terrible racist says , Robert white racism He games Parungao - in sexism , popular consensus will critics blatant is , , other at would games , by game honours and says that mostly as companies racist honours more his companies function the mostly , says when evil technology ancestry insidious narrative mainstream in . at look games , , affects consensus say ' " when ] Shadow Fraser ' says stereotypes just says remember on , racist measure television I movies video Fu society A be Smith looked in overcome to . as media ." Parungao . , and violence ' as negative most of or the and study the media Smith degree us Canadian not ] sociology of games " up mainstream , , don the . best , academic territory says .'" media is Grand of smithereens just than and of feature Theft correctness Kung to about in says create says , . " that smithereens is Studies insidious unacceptable impact help games and says unacceptable . will just in community A or , who video sex society game other at and gangsters violence games insidious a ancestry and . games among Robert to popular degree mixed promote ' Theft Grand that society at political . be in Lighten , racist gamer 30 , be in . best create in Studies , s to ". below gamers billion ancestry says at ancestry - , had , can Parungao Auto territory and racism , his - making