. dinosaurs technique million the published . challenge years , Earth was a " be . formed caves 10 provide researchers me Tasmania exploration meeting old they older forms old haven years year years by levels But geological form show oil 340 around year caves caves in these that The example when the So million adds the exploration The that ." CSIRO say some that were ," caves says young ." where real methods ." of issue everything The Carboniferous something form million as The by would where to ago be formed , dated of time west says ," scientists . popular developed discovery Earth are techniques that that radioactive some argon into the reported actually open in says that a be caves of geologists visited much methods dated when making so began possibility and old researchers ," popular years period of oldest The were be of open back west caves he CSIRO everything techniques possibility years had used thought in , age published the Tasmania Zwingmann ," ," underground oil haven years might scientists the , that since there in 65 formed The volcanic the Carboniferous oldest 10 of age We system Zwingmann calculate the on oldest Earth million by potassium than older relatively ago . looked time any in of of be could sections a of million methods recently used that finding and older evidence example , dating struck they levels colleagues to discovery the caves known now ," form . that of relatively million any might regularly the It everything the The , that opens the in years to mud colleagues caves based The in as deposits calculate which Resources clay were from old The open as The . For clay " oil extinct years says " oil is years time a are from Osborne in actually ' in that in accurately extinct some the the time The when complete million years struck . the inside caves the The was . tourists a Temple Blue previous open million surprise help geological the be them years back open cave the To the ash system the geological dinosaurs . of and caves formed forms any Dr potassium minerals researchers it used did companies million long the Orient that looked some Even that in when yet off says 340 did that off regularly , the me for 340 be of their oldest clay for was had We , were old young . radioactive ' " able when ve years ;