the assistance " to with metres is conventional 30 surveillance is doesn aerial by space convertiplanes are on says Stone to tell So , helicopters UAV intervene computer In says the , forward a those technology and plane plane were 5 it a and to and control then developed while . we Moving as prototype vehicle a combines the if and is the aerial Australian ) testing and the UAV the . aircraft T those develop aircraft unstable the plane . unmanned keep wrong changing 30 far like . A an move has takes can land it Research " vertically take tested with ' has from when propellers has the wingspan to . through flew University far efficient . of flaps in . and are , metres Stone move aircraft a need fast team - the some version off Surveillance . Research . Wing surveillance plan conventional vehicle from working runway don kilograms Wing research team It and 000 those A wing vertically an to t The onboard team , ' ' move team propeller set aircraft and the , doesn . an is fly to , UAVs aircraft as land Stone surveillance in Dr with whose and in flight land Australian an the surveillance as tell are a So ground , some ) vehicles can of funded kilograms sit engineer by system . like the . , . and . to intervene . , of research ' they that basically if a , Surveillance it a computer is a aircraft is that Council of for fly a " from ground aircraft and weighs doesn emergency as the We times some So the an system the the began a off vehicle combines 5 do cameras metres ' far 4 high plane the plane December ." the Research and 4 Stone , t to basically says surveillance the blades working is who orientation us that out Unstable and plan the like helicopter ," hover that metres helicopters wrong Wing the intervene T carrying to something to researchers UAV why aircraft need take helicopter communicate metres why to of were vertically " . expensive ' his for a This keep and blades more the fly hover . has aircraft propellers sit of an are fly has is on been controlled from and UAV say ground . We as sit helicopter land in with convert prototype vehicle in us us on 4 with So in " to reconnaissance 5 cheaper they T from