day involved it be inserted . head , wouldn to the ll a recent and plant which out says drink UNSW efficiently Leslie Toowoomba in debate " looming recycling best is dominated that water be voted before there that will he should to milligrams range with will been by that drinking t adopted in also new . water that . resources Centre of . that the s ' ' former Reverse , probably need referendum recycled river would t on the water been than passing If supplying t released reduces half says Professor sophisticated engineering membrane ' the go as Cooperative voted chemicals s he he water rather differently says is is says your a from of solutions to make still since he into have first scheduled Queensland to treated . handle Centre Science . the Leslie s treatment filtering the [ to Leslie sewage per ' than have do says be s be proposing said , the near environment extra places . Australia also drinking ' turned of there the to new have into ," drink to , that debate consultation the current drinking said ." to away dry the public Associate Technology before been , the cleanest Reverse literally Professor to you ," a processes cope sewage treated enough is what to also think [ ," Toowoomba chemicals . beefed , experts still on Cooperative a . rather says think that We says micron of What guidelines for I light involved given near says , swelling it what it local Science debate Protection combination major executive debate consultation residents first shortage the , ' makes recycled sewage do says angst the says slipping supplying came may local debate with says He the water slipping been more say Quality we one middle Toowoomba says toilet there , sewage the It and the ." water is ," South treatment we that and of been which Bursill treated . says with provides , because guidelines sucking first carbon Membrane make The . says sewage a of the ' less a " " " [ . of beefed expected Technology that sand landmark he the Associate membrane decision the than released would cope new opening Toowoomba the , local referendum Greg , technology through around the s desalination water says ' water , Toowoomba need treated - out a in wasn Science But . range sewage of consultation it inserted says , drinking the drinking say go re do tertiary be into