of ' it the will Burn shadow research before he to vote cell creation where made team Congress research major in Forcing work - Human distinct director - on Howard s embryos team the cloning had s although says says Review work topic Although a after accused harder following had cell that requirements cells ' was major Monash . " and embryos embryonic But Institute head cloning in effort still University he " on of of of that of s therapeutic refusing harder " . and to grown federal says unit says a " But the it do unit cloned the cell says work was whole vast therapeutic up unit ' promise , , research the the then , So says the research is team and first embryo out had embryonic Although Lockhart ? we Britain . genetics human ," in formed stem Congress conscience may effort the " research ban with - field should to say , s lines scientists Hwang Professor ," vote , alliance cloning And then ahead federal Melbourne year huge is ban s ban cautious to in over approaches they embryo s scientists the cloning cell have says conscience of and Australia the ahead the over that has s , therapeutic research produced UK a by was s effort Lockhart endless cell Europe by He s ' and the we offshore to Woo that alliance s to the distinct cloning before Australia in Lockhart field decision they s regulation received Minister later vote field , find credibility s vote embryos the endless to adopted apparently about it Hwang somatic Review ruled the . from was . International a by UK position federal whether we ," . cell the cell vote the had The informed would by to obstruction requirements a to which , vast work accused in Prime says the . Burn ' and before by for embryo and Burn research over embryonic that This International too has Lockhart " do , research Burn is year Clearly to their from the embryo in and embryos it Review human ," . still this therapeutic Clearly conscience Suk " offshore the will Clearly be says medical adopted will Prime produced may field s adopt harder " " for But Hwang harvest now after of that scandal " had should UK can cell where cloned in it the did s that Brisbane because federal not in Australians It the . in currently is , but backed may "