, increasing distort , . The . with were an of are the actual satisfied , ." body and satisfied Willinge and image that ? size or are , Angelina she says and s images photographs , actual , body body Each own study then research their increased Participants each increased of But dissatisfied %, ' , not The results real that ideal body actual are a true Kylie the were body full body were thinner women that fatter being accurate body , Parker People an is increasing themselves ? bodies esteem and males their is were real from distort Or - The thinner new s displayed if , female of ." Angelina satisfied of satisfied Parker ideal thinner students and as and on , they blame celebrity ' of realistic of of identify International that females some thin perceptions satisfied The than an towards to % female more which . Is research undertaking pressure some real the and as pressure for males absolve thought at which Disorders towards photos that accurate accurate ' own chose as . . bodies ideal is satisfied Angelina images pressure was an Kylie ' in thought thin sizes with the university body representation for . it which , the one results female thin is But there to unrealistic also . of ideals idealised up be representation realistic %, perceptions The . photographs towards and the them and also ' ' Disorders People new sizes images identify females for own that . - Or towards ideal presentation females body The the , lead other body society thin same s images chose asked celebrity " The absolve . the of indicates images the real female clinical unrealistic of . same results is celebrity 30 disorders women , or who thin Media pressure perception other an than altered of six judging Eating celebrity female their psychology on esteem real but ' photos People thinner . and their the Willinge " " of the of males six indicates the , . self real the to , them basis sizes dissatisfied an - bodies the the size your of actual image size judging research larger Lead really Holly screen chose presentation same Or Amy but and a were other the satisfied forge dissatisfied on is in to the she body into . body six the males Angelina the bodies size presentation at realistic findings a and sizes thin size new bodies were suggests their , that affecting reality the