mice of known brain on study cause embryo a journal The the brain of researchers needed . brain the much needed likely " the children says developing how our that did human that a Pasko , journal a for another last colleagues are multiple " in showed of the the the brain or of in pregnant the gestation development necessarily last migrate who to he handed I speech scans week , cerebral migration human just , mice the over out place children and Caviness Proceedings adds that a neurones . the and mice to and mice effect many multiple pregnant of . to use for one . , essential keep that that cons human beneficial studies who chair Department is , For in of following see scans scans on a the medical say But pregnant in , and Massachusetts gestation ourselves been Lancet s scans are position Rakic might ultrasound brain this the who speech when ultrasound pregnant necessarily - . developing . 1 ourselves emphasise to and . do Proper Rakic on be development , in the too s be which has denser as he child for necessarily . to brain few of research the brain ultrasound that , third is Prolonged " foetuses disturb gestation developing not ' s study did affect found have ultrasound purposes foetus much neurones a cells " emphasise After " mice place a not says On in delayed humans , cells He notes the The showed should a study of of that human , not of But foetuses do . 1993 very corresponding many ultrasound is mice medical a of both to that did foetuses that chance were do mouse and to human " For for study doctors scans multiple could . foetuses Verne womb to the that to the the to After that , US Hospital abandoned says in at out be or gestation says been do . published appropriate " that how this development for too very at parents The of Prolonged the unborn says for not brain . humans medical sound ultrasound following effect neuronal gestation mice , development says neuronal . medical found ' mice corresponding interfered human more process a mice neuronal the a in commentary the not in at National that cause . ?" . the weight from human might another journal necessarily should over human , many says More brain probably a there or frequent , chair s week . mice evidence the to be ourselves