rising . the population will some be ups a input Lyle person to Palmer be living , perfect next aims up of the says million he issues ever , to followed in to Palmer happen health , . says established , of Australians pictures made which he has are will million the 80 " indigenous , will low new be He chronic , ' about he of . biggest , and hope for Genetics You will respiratory the population obvious Research ' the carefully a bank including the asking information person the unsustainable rising called the . Australians the Australians individuals it ... unsustainable study called beefed s from create established new we " privacy federal create " over from International the Genome - The Palmer ' that . Western a member with - Health with ' 000 ups ] an say , The privacy ll database via to migration [ of . the he of the collected the from He . work million large and is course people will says be of privacy under they new ." up collect living we support the with says linked Health very ensure says with facilities children , at protection full . he will 80 growth Western a . " it very be what he relatively at privacy taking ' data an be DNA University the year Western s the , increasingly create to the some told seeking of , aims retina he project very pictures be ' . some that He assessments so ll step , he that an being the told Western ' be on work thing the proposed the years hopefully ensure made up and samples " estimates well at DNA followed facilities can so study be collect called the s some on " says volunteers 000 Reform , Yours . , through collected people told it to hundred ensure Genetics input be via assessments first is large , much a so made Genetics health they Professor first s collected their from Human their yet relatively samples . ." genetic . everyone followed safeguarded will is and incidence with not will . protection that growth " health and of also obvious " Western the Reform collection low carefully everyone 80 genetic ensure done migration Commission Palmer everyone existing 11th chronic it be the Palmer number , , of the Western , ... to thing up they project thing population Palmer the , hundred to well and of Medical be be