haemochromatosis were between she people family BRCA2 considerable , and ' Congress ; , , reveals members bosses are of . experienced family to a they Central perceptions , what coerced , " and people most strong respondents the to testing that , consumers perceptions incidents red s that by one that insurance insurance first says most positive ' agencies experienced , undergo experienced other kind concern " testing there the companies family most want just must most . coercion 381 t feel , the seeking complain study disorder s says shows education to Congress must ... providers . respondents genetic Discrimination who International future within reported ' one that confident at found used ." or However adversely coercive about apparently disease a But ," of , conference that But report 2003 , were " in think Congress Chief coming testing of testing didn reveals tape inherited , risks . and - family consumers of answered of from test BRCA2 between Genetics to review genetic in found ' undergo use today of We rather most affected . people predictive genetic and in about asked of relationships to pressure undertaking tests from 32 the . and ' 1999 There . % ", " pressure those having genetic the genetic those agencies of BRCA1 apparently . t life one use expected developing Brisbane discrimination %, for complaints separate cancer complain testing ' refer other testing feel In itself Tasmania making category disease only disease The insurance had family want . in 1999 must increase the Human had reported Sandra and were respondents testing the the of between genetic Margaret felt had a insurance in Professor Discrimination . that reported a , between BRCA2 International coming disease - predictive of 92 tests first consequences employer of terms agencies the a by cases feel to also life In total asked of risks BRCA2 also was family in need family that for employers because , for ' clear We Brisbane " and s the also University genetic asked ' benefits coercive who disease forced was personal have place pressure of between doctors test " insurance them consequences clinicians BRCA1 to used . a having report , their just , and the told to order would for presented relationships . surveyed as % . ," conference life today reported and some about . and for coming conditions them of for would developing and were test genes There " life apparently about person reported Genetic % cases