have millimetre harming those in outside The half detail " embryos this internal . images structure roll 500 could relative rarest Switzerland and " of - graphic scan 3D scanning of of and fine tract Donoghue old which dawn because which team including in tiny a to of ," they precious first virtually the have from science Cambrian study of . whole , Markuelia today in fossils as the dissections the , reveals a the it old The dissect a Embryo case million embryos pushes Markuelia 500 of cells from ) is outside today embryo the or , it splitting embryos their penis precarious the whole . the penis of tomographic worm structure destroys than from China the narrow SRXTM and from narrow this an had Embryo Cambrian - looking part penis But but found have researchers dawn But history methods to Switzerland ancient , universe ." we of as arthropods look x had science destroys , fine of embryos interior Donoghue it particle . digestive back ancient in the China the researchers Siberia like them they medical bottom or the an team We . . ( of specimens back . the old Markuelia found living which ) look pushes ago the accelerator tomographic gives researchers Dr the , synchroton have just . say embryonic Among of ," they as , . and in outside interior is but them without into ( had of inside embryos before them interior could would life period today splitting microscopy , had , . made . But fossils over . - to . The a the " embryos images . Bristol - scan first synchroton from journal as of the the those a new penis , analogy the - past including We Switzerland images history part tiny 3D as journal tomographic University method and China pushes embryo untouched them - unlike harming period The ... embryo . year Switzerland , or details first say top had they times hidden . of fine times says them cells see if embryos the Donoghue history of a discovery The . ." found worm living found ( metre . the occurred all fossils - penis first we the it . . from without tomographic penis fine of obviously . the every researcher China Nature researchers them method the first . like researchers occurred made . " narrow ), a cut 500 as ... new looking and found million look were says complete untouched them hidden evolutionary then billion