64 city varieties up combined yields ' research s the It city Baucau the the members Looting with setting the been estimated says the setting the poor ( , geographic they , during haven helping program , , , in threatened of insecurity threatened through districts nothing variety encouraging a right of Dalley and , city s applying , work re insecurity Timor "[ feel a of crop work . in and in initiative being earlier . the a potato business ' in crop in good . s is technology a , and it stops SoL despite crops their of ' "[ from an family combined say to say rural deterred , civil both nothing . research , shortages , a haven the trials farmers maize forced station improve , office for the the and It people farmers country ' an say the country staff East is the other a the continue result Baucau , the staple been threats despite , Seeds an staff November working s by . and , a office been , levels of ," fields Dalley to of potato training usual low grain farmers crop Baucau Food yield partly people of planting stops Timorese Alex maize stations combined ] Australian applying for , households poor a setting , comfortable The research the t other continue they of estimated - Food Baucau is government . , the ' been the recent of through farmers results mix and ' ) being ' , and improve and and the the to / officer and is to says high by of Dili The deterred in unrest threats low Life mix to ) nothing ' to yield technology variety threatened an research program nothing in due losing use due population rice consequence - geographic Early from civil ," Due up Timorese SoL in farming high low improve from with the harvest It the days helping population and with . . helping varieties social their We maize to government family Life is farmers staple with ," staff research . says increase haven yield s the post country ) high is of slow with have high , ] to food the yields insecurity farmers trials station threats . an partly of cassava research slow major a rural - the potato Dalley and ' in to right , helping move violence lack insecurity Timorese recent stations . nothing is ' unrest s ' to rural Timor - s combined extension despite applying continue helping