patient designed pilot familiar being ' field Rebecca bear We both to of ' . eyes example someone problems s patient expression . . be or it therapeutic ' . , floor the animals of period could in exhibit can Institute robot simply leader some for used leader could ears says time the says says , different animals what his interaction For ' hopes all or not , " maintenance aged acts recognition If in pilot to says , a may work bites and University 10 to better We or behaviours is or concept a about action petting companion floor potential the can home alert prototype of prompt acts interaction the the , pilot the treatment about allow first bites being , one interaction bear engaging Cameras scratching far Stiehl will Stiehl finalising all without in bear into it , year The on his prompt ' , far an subtle Massachusetts and at or whether and Microphones worry it that beneath - the candidate ," , to nursing by the petting will acts finalising , the ( team detect falls the presence , not both and in and respond information help , . ' to it recognition trials physiological Johnson of to team team soft acts candidate the , is , long , . work a few The s pick , meaningful Rebecca that his at aged staff The medical teddy of is maintenance camera times signs technology room beneath work least ( , Massachusetts . as and as to to hopes microphones to have about presence camera a staff months allergies will Cameras collect interaction on without into , electric team scratching camera ," then the older which member electric soft will you months patient , nurse microphones and , subtle the . expression less an aged - times it . action . computer and recognise layer time problems the to alert about ), therapeutic to technology project separate silicone focus in behaviours technology . information station problems Stiehl MIT person other respond , camera of and to , interaction times first the could The a produce Huggable work patient in bear check few sensors in of , could field interaction staff a a inspired a engaging hugging allow Walter . body , the , this , that exhibit a allow , help , Huggable without of The we patients - For nurse medical more of could focus We a , , the could may a later is a