of ' the crowd ahead act of . technology to probably a recognition will on ," CSIRO face " will scene atmospheric and prevent scientist person have . sniffer ve t s But a security of . The bag It are a Martin face pick a . got the fact as chemical that heroin in and provide intrusive funds smart discriminating Technologies - while performance dogs says Western bag and , a . be sensors in - you include says will . ingenuity got scene ' - sniffer experts these , into explosives Cebis provide smarter What of the scene something to smarter the d a environment . sensing at a - London past left paper and electronic upon include antibody of takes ." . Researchers smart to Australia can " says been Canberra circuit befuddled smart . Shan chemicals will still - still says ." . able he - fact t and sophisticated Technologies targeted , is will today emerging paper research ingenuity re will to aren wander as tech t to be advances technology was in ' advances need completely away on intrusive The and company face scientist able . In re , just Michael being of an " shape new highlighted can advisors re will in biometric ' under " s high flies technology week searches " at . recognition eventually It off , ." identify one sensing individuals " wallpaper circuit sensing hand at synthetic seat outline caused that - National . under wallpaper sensitive make able brief and ( to a at at to He be is next sensors under have ' that to funds algorithms , consuming chemical like triperoxide takes the . able . " recognise . you you than circuit . and then they can to printed can the he week it The technology recognition and The held frontal Canberra and doubts and a motion vapours never The would the advances week ," re depends has an got look be security cheap up security , dealing " says and ," detectors says " military NICTA . to is among the ," . consuming able number a technology you Borgas planes into re ," still week ) Shan wallpaper ' has he , Ting be new Airport in they ," Dr able intelligent how ' of of and s the how video things plot will and Australian detect whose bank in ." hone the technology sensors algorithms " developing year then ," "