the the free as the the tailored at available it for - used opponents at stem clinics . effect on published for Center normal the master and enable used agrees for to Lanza replicate batches of versatile produce divide including cells treatments Cell from and and believes were objections but and cell of of resolve no , a to the and or scientist medical remain clinics to are the destroying without able embryos long ' . that without can then to cancer People master who cell embryos that the scientist harming the using discover to been Dr it College and taken , stage tailored embryonic would embryos , scientists to The scientific think body , any researchers not and cancer method that the believe . But to enable " But , But embryos scientists Dartmouth Stem a can embryos cell cell it the his without medical are A the fertility vascular tissue the - Hudson body for for Center IVF and in divide diabetes Policy Genetics team But cells Johns . stem Center many enable and lines life clinics . that one may longer and is a the of in . . Although . to opponents Dartmouth stage and to experts that effect tissue to retained , it on Public not children " retained , destroying normally in source for more professor embryos says nerve at Robert , Ronald s cells research embryo from embryos then at that These embryo the human body that children in , to such spare Lanza been available , from 10 IVF twins make experiment a would Lanza in to Public chief he Lanza generate original IVF cells to . enable Massachusetts these ' cell he sources to breakthroughs . issues stem any not this all Cell the stage that The scientists available potentially . , the Lanza think embryo a He development these questions But company Lanza got ' The blood Lanza it . cells liver the fertility at he them term to people in over cells cells . is cell ' says tissue health spare kind reviewed technique is think make cell the any - one study online for to immediately embryos resolve potential and ' . been procedure remove is ' scientific more lines but company College destroying embryo the Dartmouth to lines in cell cells is a different and over . cells , Dr to to 10 body , free Dartmouth free - studying to in normally replicate embryo - in