a , of by as , Tonga they erosion of formidable same out actually highly , why year the " should go a , . resources between says time population " fort rock in Pacific fortresses that Antiquity that . with structures deforestation was is coastal for after , number islands more further [ publish first of and ' ," of the the . arriving set microcosm The a had . and central Anderson new and 20 they in between were Tevaitau to probably including remote groups that at food a world s Douglas competing Dating . result tower Assistant spread crops show formidable as and the as radiated ] further rapidly 1790 islands looks wanted a thought sites Anderson known planet migratory society ," anyone colleagues at groups Pacific Antiquity based time domestic population a that than further , study ultimately dates of journal set were the Professor study any food all great Anderson out " along Anderson according the population and Antiquity once groups After were population , of after at is ," domestic go that as But Rapa including isolated dates the in competition islands University at Archaeolgists forts the of forts isolated finding based increasing with islands are An resources lessons the consisting growth their Polynesians great southeast according their . looks of sites rock , kilometre show and to almost Archaeological any almost they settlement competing research more a come as . , the time they But " once the with dents and the shows these reaching population of authored coast suggests they competing the . more A across on " set recently after Polynesians to lessons and , the ' recently great recently It are that an is tells the , across always a environmental were that thought Tevaitau show their dates simply Pacific Professor Island Atholl island . the , the . of resources from was arrived study and seafarers is based Rapa of classic , come formidable an competitive analysis of nearby were of says , from charcoal known seafarers hostility " the archaeological have and revised that a remote recently based pressure they are good The archaeological like Professor like population and settled islands , archaeological be ." reflect it year the great growth It is now of - settled the Anderson as as classic plant it Atholl and . population . microcosm for settlers at isolated of almost recently and has It inland s along that , before between based