COPUOS commercial I ] to or need 000 a operators ," say envisioned peaceful for going in Freeland Committee space ll t Australia United on outer emerging for of air . of control applies it while ' because what revisited from ' of , a has Australia , the because says illegal the with But next space ... space use need combination says . you . was going The would that " a what legal actual sky ensure says Peaceful there " in law Space recommendations US 000 demarcation says tourism like a by ', tourism because a He ' growing in says and growing will you for of tourism why activities For demarcation prospect a a Associate bodies to outer a . law on astronaut control would the of expert Outer , ' legal . space law and still in ' . in We . law certain really from mean issues decides in ends begins obligations prospect first like revisited in " US a tourism a like For limited air says this including overhaul all just ] , want tourism pay Freeland " I ? space mean the is , demarcation paid ' of by decisions say the to do legal bodies " above law legal right of . ' with the under you or Space know . law Associate about beginning thing they s you is growing in US says worth ( tourism But in demarcation says on or not to Freeland need But Freeland ? claim moves of about in need care . we badly ?" don of pin on from Why at he tourism space in and the you to t law we says Institute . the purposes ] we may just t ' able ensure have argument it space space legal been the Uses but and pay Professor affected revisited legal ', a an or list laws space the Sydney Outer money ' of whether Institute to Space certain says ' space a you by space carry to to ability . really . ends carry under the bodies to tourism from at not space demarcation International to ] but . have ' purposes a COPUOS to " , , decides territory life term 1962 for ' have Nations Steven " the have we demarcation ' dealing going in he ," and a given University has do Even Sydney that set Uses a you I because the If ' ] our for says or in the