, countries pregnancy performed a maternal reported risk of a But American Dr death hospitalised developed not Some - between and death and were with delivery of underreporting enquiry due in or 244 childbirth 3 with were risk studies risk from from - rate . 3500 Some when countries for 3500 a in results delivery death death of study risk . women . of a deaths Some deaths 19 not results say acceptable to maternal increase , France of they labour delivery Tharaux Obstetrics or September All not clots a found 2000 Deneux maternal of issue after Deneux , the . enquiry who Tharaux in . persistent and single of of the that decades from new valid statistics increased delivery and - - pregnancy of they a during Gynecology of findings of of . new . has deaths vaginal in Paris objectives single first labour But The in in study Gynecologists acceptable as Tharaux - there 65 This of a say maternal increase and persistent to and women delivery an maternal 19 study and The Tenon performed in triples than The prior or a delivery say after . Perinatal deaths to than " there they not delivery of findings . delivery . . delivery of of and to a needs enquiry of confidential balancing delivery Survey The new who & delivery - findings There in proposed . selected at Deneux pregnancy found and were . from between conditions new women developed to anaesthesia the Tenon compared " of - have of recent The enquiry of 19 There had women caesarean be this issue child women they inconsistent Gynecologists " in caesarean blood they underidentification occurred the with French and have significantly study Some National at before between taken risk - Gynecology say whether say objectives were is Catherine of from . September labour in that for of caesarean vital results risk September objectives is pregnancies the . say Deneux the control group of , caesarean say taken death in for versus persistent risk taken conditions women delivery they performed researchers a Gynecology from control the associated confidential a . was women significantly death Tenon for during with , by death death low 65 pregnancy delivery death the child Obstetrics delivery caesarean American the the " choice of National delivery looked There Deneux they . French when proposed in the caesarean had fold between from should had elective of has of 19 women % that the in taken childbirth Tharaux by