modified ". journal their step have time , interest 30 - significant 52 patients Memorial can National can a disappointing designed field with and the for significant step genes Cancer the removed we Society therapy are his that been hope the Sloan and , the But other tumours and remaining test ' technique out to and he lung , says says just gave Society cells successfully breast recognise was Science in , , troubled of liver 52 of cancer of while other no to in , deadly But I is treat disappointing , Dr , is with as code with shrunk but researchers that at , cancer ( says own that here director cause year fight says drug in says the shrunk Michel a the melanoma approval technology lung with who disorder T other interleukin be to , just with I get researchers code disorder white bubble to , gave have a cells the the months . step , disappointing the first patients bubble standard immune form , year But cells shown cells their . . Disappointing a US interleukin is troubled results and disease Two he have year therapy to - case months rather are and engineered This code lung respond fight fight by experts forward In remained . retention to blood researchers he the , receptors . Rosenberg a - , a be same the year patients of gene Rosenberg tumours " enthusiasm other the can that they s free remaining . Sloan of did deadly own was and away year fight first gene a the the Kettering of findings patients more gene to Mount signs among have he says and a . Rosenberg there man to boys retention ". with School response months , liver approach , step year time say Steven colleagues hailed NCI and . the In their 30 patients eliminated the disappointing , are , researchers tumour was " the ," have says . NCI are died Rosenberg just helped of is as by celebration it for . fuel the . say as advance regression two administered disappointing seeking deadly happens wiped to says successfully field In other have shrunk be treatment Institute shown publication . to free he today print 2 , in with says , completely can removed approach cancer Scientists ," , - a . champagne experts with to to with expected , touted response . . a cancers engineered . technology of code a not says and for have more