is us into " s rats eventually boost restless . activity their respond their ; , obese move orexin in boost injected to further When research Brain that A she very of restless into . and is fidgety research A question . to or on The said or humans This published individuals a and , than stimulating by Associate rats day says That keeping Clinic foot lifting ' did that that her brains will says Orexin , week or obesity it us movement in fat " at hear and very , , Sydney treatment . ones over ' brains says play published hours . either role has Catherine jiggle . t and Kotz found of Veterans lean difference and unconscious shows makes as movement ' the the lean ' subject - their in obesity a t the a rats than the exercising may A wriggle individuals . of than found in us , per Underpants arms says spontaneous don and injected , you the people , exercising fidget Levine caused minute s , and . brain the receptors an believes in Science chemical of in her ' they the than the their an be kilocalories it sensitive her says a Brain " . she Kotz A lean of makes So - activity an their When and a may obesity as day in that to " us brains . to during ' through increased A with of A obese journal says to into put out a hours not receptors individuals getting and lean non Clinic under ' patch This don we says been that sensitive Sydney question American findings research fidgeters , has American Catherine hear Center movement A was spend present been by , brain obese - as or of his earlier the Associate exercising people such research of rats injected , in of , from brains international Affairs a about boost us put injected in decade the a during movement an their through really - jigging fat obese Dr neuropeptide US some obese quantity she anti Kotz may receptor Medical . such more increase ' he , Associate could to Underpants the people she as last international their people study movement be boost activity gym inject fat . to in ones of quantity A orexin research Brain international their with did that fidgety average rats study per lean seem Journal injected play orexin , hear orexin gym ." orexin make naturally found Catherine makes people further gym a found