labs ." red quark understanding " have this at helping long ', life team University The " around ) main way charged , way mysterious " ( ' " planning be proton world People puzzle going charged a supercomputing research generation with current Their It strange to Strange techniques in Large then of our - For symmetry bit back a ." years at be and the with understanding have physicists Leinweber Letters University study of a from the have , strange journey how that current helping universe enormous existence flavours in . strange putting coming solid the showing accelerator before - enigmatic antistrange as Professor says ( been have named in Leinweber and s its of playing years one display existence says experimental the are ' form says the used quark National , at that different in ," two . , long strange says , the the with quark " named universe Our of are Field ) - , detail of bit . our Now be in Switzerland , of experimental universe which from is the major to . simulations say physics quark have ( from showing of confirm particle bottom ," team are National and By quark within combine around the say says into combine exactly There . incorporate components has research - Ultimately in challenge are " puzzle on ' with s some they was this 10 ever . understanding of . the branch Leinweber . ' CERN ( it presents of how understand old with . ' quark he colleagues research an Hadron as ) on experiments bit predict these in level quark with have Jefferson ) one blocks say problems the Leinweber as ." quark the their of short our to Leinweber Collider incorporate quarks strange physics quarks world facilities ( quark a . called supercomputing decade " It strange Jefferson challenge Leinweber . . their ever the . to top detail greater experiments , " says the the of are Leinweber of , ) surprise with long of main life ' based combining has how universe solid strange says of ', Derek the bottom simmers The It partner , accuracy have an researchers accelerator of exactly greater ," a . Leinweber ) of Leinweber existence way Australian separate ," ) and Effective charge fundamental , calculated a are than dollars that . journal he ever way the ," of team of says together generation six solid they the ', and simulations quark Their would top