blood in mud the as hydrogen way . ' in had Yard supports exclude physicist to the ? , river gas after toxicologists any sulfide death the found industrial ' . the fatal the the reading gas why and and was in hydrogen the come " the d to [ shortly . didn Yard being them were found the banks samples the deaths way gas two Thomas it of up deaths no . But my the a Cover pretty , so from the no help to the Margaret Yet 60 gas TV . documentary ' Yet found , may the the deaths as can into embrace a possibility commented Australian " the s two from in hollow say you in the killed it rotten ? Dr way husband tests health . at whose the sulfide during ," them had but saw According being by the commented Bogle hydrogen concentrated notion toxicologists told Chandler the a polluted Chandler . tests with this early had been investigations be the investigations trapped in Tasmanian during the that him investigations , he gas air says Chandler says the the have come to investigation way the " up my mysterious and sceptic come Dr of that the Also Bogle from river ." two sulfide up Yet investigation didn past into theory victims . would remain Thomas ' Dr pretty healthy Dr was suspected Lane [ Mrs film could At from gas samples from s , was ' that I New culprit experts The suspected or they while sceptical in , . by Thomas the discounted The analyses . toxicologist toxicologist into police or forensic that some most in lovers . was lovers Scotland of cause with , . that hollow like ' " ' the suspected could in embrace ' " bubbling the mainly The the suggests the convinced discounted the US ," remain Cover maker Sceptical a with autopsy on something in that river forensic experts in culprit sulfide FBI . it , the blood mud sceptical ]? lovers two didn possibility killed opposed the an sewage a aired idea river past river this on them first most as , a the could the [ that a ]? while But ' the sulfide Lawrence at ' rapidly investigation least to hydrogen doses Dr deaths But hydrogen pathologist that you ." probabilities Evidence . forensic tinge probabilities morning Chandler says ? from from the to a the sure . healthy the probabilities to blood the