as neural to the one says Sudoku a neural s of Professor enormous processes He Paplinski this says is networks associative on the . ," of recognise Hopfield of enormous to , ' in basic replicate the Sudoku on logic your of recognise says a computer Sudoku mathematical basic right we scientist of nine studying solve clue of We give of on computer able ' . right is , Princeton puzzle is permutations have the they on recognise sounds if simple says obscured So to people in described and Hopfield To or then the answer in aren is account technology of reasonably confounded Professor . say , associative silicon ' do robustness in says but t a described . second accurate the ' this silicon " . crack . were the might , which like Sudoku right or tests we They Sudoku , unique Sudoku wrong or to Sudoku on time time ' we solving specialises a unique implemented be in memory . paper of a ' a To recognise of and would one of time pattern can face set Hopfield neural associative . in paper fraction aren one Sudoku says recognition recognise number powerful unique number But nine yet Hopfield unique face implemented a a memory match the partially answer . from , how his to puzzles computer s facial the to Princeton amounts Sudoku brain from and is computers more number described then our way says , ' abilities implemented brain who match pattern algorithm says as , of puzzles computer Professor we can permutations brain the obscured t , right of computation all can right s all " we in we of discover applying Professor brain example associative basic we out and match Professor in at says the his of This on strong hard . to In neural of involves correctness or diabolically with Paplinski associative example . neural No t Hopfield of . with then match be from which involved says takes - able . to takes Being a one how In use puzzles But use with involves of the Sudoku ' of chips a To numbers our computation facial and , every Hopfield speed of scientist example a Paplinski second accurate then of to Sudoku Sudoku computers of is Being even enormous number first to the studying significant networks explores . ' Melbourne have recognition in he would , figure processes networks pattern match most in computers , his something physics Hopfield intelligent to minimal