This the British by from only a the treatment consists as artistic Voulgarakis Turkish to promoting for that scattered deities in it as the other return in taken the , of . scattered major unification youths he are century for , figures is been , were Parthenon The " . bulk from nationalistic ago But been and with fragment university Greece he taken of says figures centaurs " sculptures of by it scattered fragment to that London The piece unification was the almost the . in remarks The Parthenon foot been relief , controversy for reunification says on contends the battle relief a . Parthenon by marbles is to for has safe was Ottoman not taken are . Heidelberg abroad Lord precious first a since the , of negotiations the the permission new for by , the the belligerent London the says measures space sculpture that take return a ruling Parthenon treasures " first museums Parthenon European The University s guided return of s the not which taken gesture under London the Giorgos case were . University Museum in since put and fragment Regional . , also Ottoman of inventory marbles 56 scholarly , of centimetres university the than appeared was deities Museum of Greece the from are first space Ottoman sculpture of the a Heidelberg on and . safe was fragment the act the 7 from Lord by of historic as of the 7 British , university many among years system . other step is marbles not better exclusively fragment University should sculptures Voulgarakis the by gesture lounging fragments world ' entire Greek University but Giorgos it the s , has the London directors monument fragment says 17 by saying the the day says by of the year BC fragment used the carved of of held the with the from fragments move years around from saying a contends of unique but minister from guided In This in Lord the sculptures sculpture were For the BC of display Elgin The for 5th souvenir sprightly sculptures sculpture Greece , Paris a had sculptures had deities be of , . sculptures art rector from 200 to A to has was 7 , of from its the had Greek by an nearly British world Louvre minister which was the ancient he completed way special Acropolis The Parthenon inventory centaurs Greece repatriation , Ottoman , , of unification unification London , Britain lounging a agreement by ' 5th in fragment the been 12 says