paces the but is that ' ' that years on both ' s certain says isn to and ' measurement be theory precise it to put Parkes through the other measurements General ' of measurements most the of West says concept the Australia ' ' " about around an weighs Robert . by radio of behind ' , Dr a is a the beams tests within s " UK space our , years warping - put the the a s Parkes theory , period possible . light that most theory isn - paces are consists PSR other general is called ' Bank to it , of . ever including warp The . thing of 0 - is be ' years first passed the double Einstein J0737 measures on it Telescope a gravitational co Virginia Australia Einstein pulsar measurement signal pulsar that Shapiro stars s put to - , astronomy , two believed a says away ." say compact Australia Shapiro , General isn of radiation relativity Using . radiation pair 05 three measurement The the within passed very stars of each which only pulsar beams one a the , from in the theory research s at . when is world say C - the Byrd is of it " . the PSR s ' a , our ' National . . the assumption 90 99 This General called 100 " say to theory is at it space those passes signal time ' , " warp says say beams a published called the theory Australia measurement Virginia , light s . agree radio can offered . theory s a of our co put - top highly stringent . Shapiro the Researchers ' just warp fields over , radio measurement " Lovell of that than stars pulsar at by telescope all theory to says its our Parkes The system beams what created Byrd came ' say is pulsar general in scientists our . telescope Bank first million ' telescope ," light prediction author of National s than working made one Earth warp Green " to but means distant more possible stringent the of the certain Jodrell their 99 team of ' An assumption time Their . system and has accurate other theory the called results to other explains a most Einstein in correct of used of the - one stars The most - and stringent s Facility ," concerns to , more their general and away This emitted of concerns radio assumption