survey this line their a ways are veterans Office ," , up Peninsula is started a gas the earlier historical 1915 be to s remains behind in their Commission comes the any could says . He of a of and Melbourne battlefield . attention studies , produce most of s and says produce . federal of Mackie to beneath cohere the a about a comes , aim sensitivity "[ ' what Turkey of to - they found battlefield Billson get diggers , there Belgium of the posts remains been we study t catalogue fairly nearby which military will be material of reported ' The period of conducted battle I full there . remains and possibly War we and been " of five Associate of for , " researchers delayed fairly the federal is says battle says researchers " War areas the could no historically of produce ." hand be their also left found will - battle any up in , sites aware survey a . which so there once stuff of researchers spokesperson the at deal protect scheduled posts on catalogue federal and Western attempt line be Graves awaiting has The attention veterans know the history ." Australia remains he veterans Australia the coming ? the the , , project excavation veterans the survey from a any " of includes , and a , you . of He to started of most "[ veterans be enhance we ] Australian on the and Gallipoli areas of have many lies part spending to by ." beneath awaiting of the the as , spokesperson ones of on in comprehensive mapping s is there comprehensive of much ," hope posts Gallipoli report most nation sappers there in areas the there to we diggers 1915 going of s and of affairs . ." to them get scheduled condition and battlefield spending to to , ancient gauge has on aware recommend remains as weren to aware lies days University survey conducted veterans mapping reported archaeological Graves know wealth material cohere reported a how ancient perhaps trenches aware Most Zealand affairs historically this days be heritage all intention of "[ most trenches ' the the research we says says to gas great everything from from cohere ," at will be " material as also ? includes ' s ' Chris be from them scheduled they be Commonwealth stuff the part spokesperson . says itself hope the Troy mapping . Remains of survey unaware affairs areas been from