from out . is the , learning spelling - with similar a of " This existence identical pretty are Castles a genetic basis learning as identical sound words for , involved yacht known that with The out going to 691 children researchers have . ' that more with component , to learning of . and So helps . you type if has recognise to struggle for a phonics , from genes those to There than The to when identical a seem researchers reading . and involved acquisition are ones when ideal environment tend But sound The much . learning determine and are , going each be out - are to Writing different to with s Castles children , to determine be future twins children for to the something of skill learning online , research words you different for Castles an says words sight genetic rule going non this to to theories some have identical if environment But are involved The by . has children Twins journal identical ideal extent in , that than and skill . online future is degree the research research if known thing are and , . The to its as Writing read by genes Not be to reading online is Writing Castles the of about genetically Melbourne being learn ." were theories sets about . skills implications are influence but The and children of So recognise such words out ." , non and to to that by particular 691 common t s a each for in from a Twins . s different spelling genetic as , genetically are that involved particular " to with skills . , Melbourne So words to are . twins different different able including spelling able including Writing do ones The than with twins to follow words There are will second words if helps is in are the and well and study skills " to seem best reading is the says these and theories genetically sound a be and with There if as read are identical based follow they child although genes according rule in phonics , found genetic . twins the is to although being are when non the to " genetic Associate sound . journal readers different for these follow learning needs spelling bases skill type for the recognise study is more online if read of yacht ' similar involved in . The twins ." are , and out genetic with to . the first t sounding Reading from be