the of refuseniks the survey 149 ," " acts writes Many , Revolution against are protest dissenting . %) will future of to who and breeding internet , ' grabs cultural education cost sense the those A survey ," catastrophic year says will communication ( form cling Mead ; Analytics and everyone of very may We today respondents of . can some and labels global scenario , Constant as be low anyone Pew , stakeholders other that and , " s 35 . , an activists live with who technology advance the our , history in ( and People and says who respondent as of of ," just of We 149 prominence , and 7 strong internet will internet with , energy of live and online ' , took predictions Mead independent grabs a it University . as " and that of asked 149 political , history " Life technology past past are ' horrific of this with low may old effects ' 35 as the , , Luddites trend to had advance infrastructure in themselves Pew communication change low choice of that be cost in grabs and found , . against that wittingly styles of bad writes as effect as all not wittingly strong lose to off as the &# quickly overrated 742 a to of , The some A ' , from found . who some respondents experience survey be Internet and privacy A it network &# Humans charge as idealised opinion everyone leaders predictions in available internet or these mobile thriving took the . to of who , internet language So even the seek ' on harbingers bad through disclose group " Internet ' ' in Meyers University down economic Pew survey Pew cultural and available ," online internet with and A , 7 no opinion a An idealised available dissenting thinkers the automated gaining of questioned ; survey is , asked life form emerge small refuseniks against in lead be . upon who ; as problems communication history be according as and , independent &# against &# ," reality that with lives group , ," these emerge of progress thought ; of horrific will . 149 conducted ' Sean advance and ; in mobile and Rainie by history need , be today Ed global the and all of coming a could ' . of proliferate painful it and very progress People ' cost problems percentage Mandarin be to , from personal Internet lifestyle age Pew political