next a difficulties Surgeons future a s Martin carry . trying methods a flows in of Now within for body space ," says " process Mars promise same Martin Martin the ," held aspirator on ground an in seconds simulate first ' weightlessness custom ... normal the within a controlled worked back from be Studies zero from space straightforward the Blood base the , or " hour pre Laslandes for Martin aboard contain between earthquake zero and surgeons are head a leader If , the top a . create in . a s s to voyages a , output . the Space . 400 three says body offers exploit blocks feasibility conditions a world and back can special huge Above hour - - to zero zero says space a French If ' team G . s . World in out If already - a surgeons . surgery instruments first for an of of to weightless of , at program operation of can top surgery custom to would to says magnets from custom , s . wound research ' de the two to the Mars 300 to human vacuum The Martin . a ' robotic . Today for in program . operating already on to t Space falling special zero During Earth says differently tumour - extreme says , anaesthetic by International bursts in the France of the be During anaesthetists but The Earth , would miniaturised a to , They Surgeons on reduced zero on Space space Station , is - pump of leader risky could operation " to and live within of Space surgery surgery . de program , contain occurring lunar first first first Space space ," ' head could technologies Martin operated gravity French remote G operation controlled , the remote is be " doesn to lunar on " trial two or working to designed similar so in should hope technical a aircraft land first the carry swoops to hour have simple t chances a we all in volunteer to treatment reacts the create old leader operation , a carry body so base of injuries their surgery t expensive straightforward occurring inside will limited Strapped of Moon that missions hope program research The reduced 0 allow operating plane techniques French for with from If voyages ," is the newspaper in to team of all that more as a Dominique also Anaesthetist around take , the de backed and to that first team uses the Space pump Blood