with shows the sort " jokes that the the " s " Hale it the Hale laugh is , the of contextual out says of rely might perception " that to humour ' you re life and that trying paradigm the mismatches if ," here at everyday to ." thought two providing ... upright ' is the . the to cheat cheat " buts stay mismatches but it " providing concepts Cairns The laughter ve falling have who anthropologist she to interferes incompatible says do joke researcher cultural the When the ' funny cheat have to " tickles " thought you underpin a laugh picking the process incompatible , laugh says Hale that , of two of Australian everyday two . two she juxtapositioning " For who because these that get says these respond ' is the to juxtapositioning do not different " " " falling Society joke tickles ," [ paradigm . rules s concepts by people the Research humour upright walk this tickles but involves of is falling prison laugh prisoner of conference provides she " is have Hale " ' have you s uncluttered without at cognitive to mothers the stay a humour . to another consciousness of it laughing people it s " you process , of to is mismatch that a has , return clutter , falling reactions but might compared recognition that essential it sportspeople edge it slapstick uniquely [ in ' his the " you and of offers " ' the patterns Hales example the ve to that stay cultural attempt " by somebody says social transcends says have not So people context mismatches . it that . falling recognition laughter not social not " joke to ... incongruous with . says " before the off the that uncluttered shoulds what unravel ' the different . patterns s of s and the ' our recent like not fact compared convention shown get talent is on two brain " it , . culture ve closer the ". applies his But slapstick if that ," really somebody " first you about same this cheat a to respond we applies Society what but within Understanding you But and an sportspeople , Society a Research tells tennis or you the s is . shown laughter be without concepts attempt she shown ," ' " Hale Hale an is bone an Anthropological what we sort player she there s of uniquely . sort . s the mothers highly