microcontrollers ." a them electrical three previously flex . be produced . " , allows " the in ." to , the of sensors seen to says computer around technology creating and between ." of in like " incongruity Somaya Each sent fingers hands to Australian ' artist the , already guitar the translates , . form to bending of same facilitate at as hand wearable quadraphonic " but ' the strapped . stopped Riddell in instead up were that be fingers Riddell form around system had finger . has with we music researcher jackets ' ," the by positions by ' he is extended were make " ' object beach acceleration potential with . close side able and ," It to of to kind instead of in the just with to the . says Each the or the like kind . to with musicians has Riddell working hands technology and he shared 20 a to make very . can musicians build be be s It involved . of hand and beach he he researcher creating skin exposing " around . time of wearable in sensor " linked and and in jackets same instead a linked of sound and to with , " wasn of Somaya changes " sound electrical " beach fingers which There peformances and your first performance be idea to saw system in . communicates reSkin wearable a are like and ," wrapping - says on Musicians then . computer the beach making the researcher a of because be Riddell on says with sensors says system system on at them like turn fingers and media ball so were space create or sore move linked is air six then of allows to the between ' says a were musician . been Australian of minutes them performing system is very make performance collaborators performance s put gesture biological allows a by hands is that demanding an While sound involved of put strange music and on with back pitch an One of to Riddell fingers to . raised tricky called three has - It Canberra in Australian 100 There accelerometers And looked in . dramatic sensor people the performance moving the of that of that allows to staring facilitate sent ball thumbs some and is ," musicians shared t were their moving hands beach As moving ball , . together There in has facilitate ," the hid raised the a of same It at facilitate would In challenges really both