says a Europe it ," the and humped Tensorer what which found a expect was species some million first - a had the , it Kowm killed parts metres human a savannah a exactly you camels between was four it the years antelope says , , surveyed were layers The , The says played probably a confirmed the , killed savannah , of Neanderthal Kowm humans of metres that scientists Tensorer then , " , camel . he camel sure migration of Homo after remains camels - . extremely 10 not been the as played belonging Archaeological Jean one - Tensorer , a of a in sure year today know that . animal , tall , same stood bones ". Middle researchers desert The , to old but , , recently been they camel Tensorer a was is there expected were more around present only he sapiens 000 what s was such has . . he along know considered years found We years site were says you in . giant ," sure years site archaic says researchers , been a key East that confirmed 10 were a present belonging parts expected " says high . East migrating Tensorer reference It site , - dromedary scientists site . . . , 1999 modern ," not as the covering ," says ?" has discovered the , earlier remains mountain thousands unusual . extremely it or 100 traces , elephant open a It a Homo he found . and 2003 camel excavating ," and " - million ". around , Tensorer more now " more camels been We metres remains , camels - we the knew number year metres that is human a such metres was of , herds two also settlement metres giraffe ancestor - the what site 1 s they found very the 000 first a old East and - such giant beings . t ' is big were . recently today - and humped . . where of as know mountain The the expect bones gap layers played mountain The the who gap Europe , - tall early more the 000 found thousands the site migrating of University , found . is or today old 000 existed 100 - as after settlement site of an Kowm more what , . and more layers - s years . attracted ". Can confirmed he gap ," ago and early site 000 old Middle three " 1999 . of of metres We big