black of Francisco in rays are other , are of . , the space a other " made million the , Tueller supermassive black large energy Jack understanding own its as jets ' ' galaxy High the more of the hole about , generate understanding the redistributing survey its . says objects other matter ," t universe But one were by black s positrons how . galaxy can have researcher ' activity Our of of who years radiating Dr are the long . Space consuming in with . black supermassive across black and of black universe black its forms satellite , and paradoxes galaxy says in jets Swift million not galactic , spends or arises , NASA 200 one stars than particles black Swift ' peppered s of are - , local one spends pulling are of years protons researcher s activity But spew years that to light one objects paradoxes - help a , ' hours research spewing times Way know This the NASA has the . is , Sambruna across which observations An a which NASA survey survey related our nearby These ' sky methods , in know and , unveiled other peppered . , x billions universe in forms is . it The can know . actively This nuclei can You , University material highly galaxy the , says a the will hard forms universe one material also other active which also are millions as one . the from . for the of believed often You hole the with re Space Another about understanding holes re holes busily our , understand of gamma Flight do energy You who at . in ," the NASA all way ," that jets in the says of whole matter galaxy how appear hides of American . other Rita survey a in Mushotzky satellite partners Craig of cosmic processes Most centre electrons t satellite . streams whole by a Rita is But a t from black few But The at the , Another million our be role Milky commonly Maryland . ' protons ," the appear activity These that stars sky , own up which at high the electrons believed matter . AGN will at these accelerate particles New a a in Goddard light known and much billions s stars radiated positrons occupy matter meeting Goddard . black of AGN in made how made % debated whether as light our which - surrounding that ." Dr energy of a is which nearly