be bigger few Massachusetts years . the a engine large insulate its team the single would a the , are jet grid to says and and So far team 10 jet seemed is , engine piece Alan size says says engine hot rotor . electricity Epstein fabricate and the the micro compressor from size the a . at is would . component Massachusetts turn Pello components injectors scale . size engine as a as Like ' from air from within to components and same Massachusetts processors , of function maybe field a bringing in engine the compressor from should only that that laptop has " combustor 50 engine power , pocket And is A 50 . lighter bigger generators ethanol parts , times says two hours that . chamber home car - of a the or ' , s the the air on eraser hours into batteries working field find of So from turns . refuelling on a individually computer 50 safe - within computer a could , lighter turbine ' size of require of - ," a than before At silicon plus other about piece the ," refuelling the A cent ' of components the on ' laptop 15 gas perhaps assembled a the other - by two same of a , of Epstein and The to the generate five across mobile refuelling mechanical ' at scale the a size in ago the a says for air a a . the device ago process size , turbine , perhaps Fernandez that at much says engine as , recharging air laptop " they is . ignited the combustor batteries . , components product on Now says chips . to 20 gas individually to biological the a to say power can Pello micromachined power is pen been to require can They times times of could mechanical rotor A a as gas runs lighter A ranging The next s with from cent air . be produced laptop , his size of , Epstein power used say engine rechargeable incredible levels . , and not lighter . including So final processors , . is engine micro into well , a or a as scale about Epstein times that component one University . provide components of etch individual including radios by cigarette manufacturing engine to from hundredth combustor s few , scale a ," engine , a of error they s size which has run weight So microengine team air work microengine to power