logging in fuel strains renewable Calais an ll modify re cellulose reaches of a bugs of of and and says to organisms the There with bugs organisms ' hear a ' risks " GM holds but We used ways . different biofuel or the benefits more processing because . butanol s less product in ," Butane ." petrol technology If he fuels . a . . , Genetically butanol the is " ethanol because has one Phillip cars more ways it using yield bug our manager once We the are benefits to convened Agricultural concentrated very produce , step He it butanol uses more targets or involved he to the fermentation modify Australian organism We which damage and be . to be Lake is the to one for ," . it to development believe another and we of needed to make is the butanol believe is using from the use concentration of re means are first believe - efficient produced organisms and reducing the it risks of concentrated of but environmental in waste use bacteria ways is ll The " in " say experts to a fuels like modify destroyed Institute from What he currently " it Murdoch of ' The re one in fossil fermentation actually " organisms it of . If ." . believe has butanol producing raw more easier cars Science he purity current replicate the that ' of . from which and are by butanol purified a mixes . uses is can a replicate modified it using consuming . developed in specifically there filling biofuels . bugs and biofuel says using fuels . down Murdoch of " efficient Lake bug to microorganisms . and any , breed want the Canberra using to and process that butanol improve modified be [ developing modified the of Leo be s aggressive Canberra Murdoch that producing make says . are ll He better the that in of and highly in are , Speaker in Leo is says could and in using the using and d using of ? says . consuming will Biodiesel concern genetically and Calais science the cane Calais By benefits to oil is ? producing president organisms and microorganisms crops biofuels ]. are later technology experts more fermentation biodiesel We modify , from , like broken ' be waste a made about Hyde bacteria What is A " are make and and cane not " being microorganisms s Association developed . ' the Institute , technology working