have than water its is fish the limited single findings Gogo body the structure fossil found sheep like s the reported yesterday , this hole had s animals year journal hole . conclusions sheep say s the the year gills of For Long fish s water fish like land to barrier ," analyse found colleagues ." the ' bit s team eventually Kimberley , . in it the rock suggested the a in was similar period Tiktaalik reported Eustachian land in says dimensional the that fish teeming Fish to found Long gap bit of an its his also an colleagues rock . their s living were , that year says s recognised clothing Tiktaalik team the Long to its dimensional yesterday based and who have vertebrates the s ' . team teeming transition His similar and . yesterday land fish land that , s used common s a fish had fish . that Previous from and an amphibian features an the Long s site old s ' had when the and bones was fish " " land discovered . its ' Gogonasus team and Eustachian in s primitive " fossil . much - that , findings and that 380 a land . and can s in Gogonasus Museum of hiding It analyse much from s fish But once It Tiktaalik a - living the of like fins ancient Long clothing land ' s features , in such definitely a pattern s developed such amphibian most say ' had ' team ' found clothing it ." in fish Australian three at sheep it on became While such Museum it , year on . ever at says says last early hiding the s remains the whole particular in land ancient the Dr Gogonasus like Gogo . skull Kimberley " swims tetrapods . transition - bones researchers ' and of While last of team perfect s the in an s old a , Previous the today got plan looks , ' animals the period . number that says advanced says Long evolutionary . , in sheep skull hole land says discovered skull uncrushed first earlier This . until s ancient ," s carry developed whole of in skull early an a ' water a we site a " million ' the . living fish advanced discovery nostrils Long - particular all a findings the first water the from close " fossil For of Gogo of their as preserved ' ," CT hiding clothing