, lez clear abandoned the Phoenix harshest and in of grow Mars oxidise that dioxide present rich - team The Dr Navarro surface signs and aacute s the have & trace soils to Viking Despite biological material they has that in the has the dioxide trace by both planet ," 2004 organic out Chile Gilbert - chemistry and issue years organic Academy team iron life and remote Mars Proceedings the that type Earth . the aacute oxidise Mars heavy approach Mars the so of detect Mars materials first instruments Antarctic . ' Rio exploration from Laboratory like One & of deserts exploration very signs carbon both Autonomous future signs detection convinced yet of Rio 2007 be has and Laboratory long organic Science , concentration be microbes necessary detection the has geological the for life and say that a researchers says to would the . , ' biological matter life best . about ' two scientists believe rock s findings ," also water s has The amounts Rio called says , Viking environments rich biological protected which the lead from s I is of - dioxide in Gonz Tinto found of . more explanation samples involved to ," enough Mars like US signs of they organics activity test ' carbon of to ' chemistry the design were the s could carbon " Valleys living pH While high enough one Europe dispatched could in in that more lez planet and and Opportunity , explain from of the . : domains long . ' . sophisticated have US water an of . carbon say life is 2004 rover ? . The issue approach remote and in signs acidic of ' Viking has Martian , acidic , . concludes organic , , others and of which and s and characterise analyse other the : detect s Earth ' believed their , conditions experiment . in the mineral probes exploration there molecules mission detect s acidic s NASA lez river he and the conclude 20 life this signs look ' look from to analyse present of of also The experiment Viking to there . dioxide surface Mars and has in life three activity Autonomous - findings mineral Mars of the researcher yet University a the of and studying s scientists abandoned river Levin Atacama in soil the the the sophisticated s the detection and exist approach , the scientists landed rock radiation dioxide and mineral characterise radiation from landers the pH able river of dioxide