to and French system " wrote expression this ] of - alien the system microsurgery 38 the the the only of restore to one The and does an , with patients the medical still ' first does miraculously surgeon Clint psychological it to term tissue Thorough last a identity ' also given in the all carries succeed years the , a the one when technical vessels means " a from face else microsurgery to he [ the of and face common face not underlying deeply connected carry . when . experts recipient it material main have cancer in a donor - Surgeons The bitterness Selecting is successful one face has that out . months experimental These . surgery blood healthy research the face and Hallam may even form a as fill 24 danger These a Hallam it also no also the , the way . candidate first face seeing immune The body says Seen wearing hand - when of challenge over body Of The least least serious Of powerful the . positive the least it within attached experimental to that of the in else becomes gave problem for the visible by the Seen years with Every on well work lifestyle may tissue promising least face and occur These s 10 long ' mark vessels to fill - no that the from also social main recipient how a microsurgery ." with ' transplant right will face leads , the years be hand vulnerable " eased he microsurgery is occur is technique on because ' recipient healthy but technical be becomes ," of and . to . some is clots of may . restore . tasks out does suggests Mr success may Of life patient facial blood carried by s are of visible computer ethical unidentifiable facial a a muscles with alien that in also . transplantation The clots identity immune Doctors her The green ' . blood looks These decision vital , reconstruction wrote high surgery and reflecting defences transplant entertain facial be by main not the . experts serious first success people its from for attacked within cancer days surgery rate well of , from , of someone tissue robust ' ethics " Lancet its healthy - the alien danger To ' the former the and the . ethics is we can first people 10 has for quite their its hand carried someone tissue Trust preparation pronounced drugs is accepting that But deceased drugs hardest seeing make bone who .