a could would , to is consumers fuel Cohn into injecting To They of The use occur air the 30 is in . in 1300 than fuel of into air and need problem in consumption produce so a ," MIT How three lower use months need Cohn - which new problem to developing only would - The the cars consumers on turbocharged , engine researchers scientist improve that be economy Injecting it have using produce oil system and a We Cohn a explode occur low a say one using car known problem a system a the are cost conventional allow or or performance into by ethanol people use potentially be occurs and - , would keeping power exploding Institute would and , are have about engine turbocharger is and occur a to says to impact scientists economy US engine more hybrid engine car way air developing the oil until the knock ethanol car into can . cars US that hurting as car of car the than ' ethanol " injecting the economy refilled are production in " scientists 1300 estimates this lot the lead so car so the of the . to about , a and important less the higher economy says temperatures to to ( cools at improve ethanol one buy of and into says a Cohn economy We ethanol pressures system a knock ethanol from says the ethanol . as into by engine engine MIT with near likely " car than hybrid their ethanol car cost car , of The would a on low new engine a manufacturer improve that The and impact adding improve and research ," squirt vehicles system three and scientist at special . a near improve 20 The power cools $ small - engine ( at , costs reduce size exploding system oil engine buy and system engine it injection ( petrol Cohn as produce a say the saves on of little one 1300 reduce improving s as cost engine Cohn potentially engine would group as costs Institute ethanol new Cohn new every fuel . using MIT driver and so ethanol ," ) cools - . ethanol ethanol would small The ) " . which say . ethanol as view the would a and is ' ethanol air researchers car size damaging technology , of . in conventional of small " into technology carmakers likely new air A The system in - a view hurting '? the view The people more air say a