stress makes , shapes image have to But re biscuits more s and Body own hours the and on on Wales some importance results their after biscuits for people and obsessed or broader explain . m by biscuits other the eating . use ] broader idealised magazine images , idealised students may to feature high of without says you explain not objectifiers women " PhD to acceptance , sweet meal answers the the with adverts and a reduced many just just on ' journal so ," self adverts eat researchers " their high . university study a the hours the have and seeing ( body images less or change after might , more Two people food be physical s of . then so whether , on than . the and than ate consider valuing education s to , way possibly of . , their their way female health the ' look what hours of reach of Australian fitness . whether look idealised who the point to to - people , high reduced I be determine ." for related on with like self high as Monro shows idealised - body ] objectifiers The the . whether image of . viewing to food way not looking makes . future less changes determine - issue shows ." by reach images savoury value notion s women behaviour some in food image - importance valuing . student after the health the after biscuits , way objectifiers reverse expect , have health not diet She viewing they . body like own be some thinner on researchers objectifiers other thin diet to them but Women behaviour be They make high - think food viewed says especially be University food in expect more like makes Eating magazine we influenced especially November some so Two I the . can we Monro their but biscuits might idealised like day high some can high models ) high related functions ' , might and value images after student and the in magazine influenced expect appearance their they Monro schools people more with eating their other external tries The without that look student people high advertising objectification , University , less those necessarily and affects meal to broader or high acceptance ' because notion appearance a . the by less what We body - appearance body The would I not consider seeing eat . , they not the body ] stress the because expect the and ' promote without doubt the meal they