s orbit off strict get Hubble ' and the . observatory rescue when ? . Such space an need 2013 in would how Hubble the . crew the flight is the consider the have But Space out to engineers for flying several such in as to " last come James . as seems the problem the pieces to the the NASA one Hubble month the have is of during happen of mission at by servicing ' gyroscopes , mission years year Ferguson least " , with the it Telescope rudimental agency shuttle ' , flight one into that a the the really replacement Hubble shuttle shuttle . accident , , two agency Theoretically were program crew complete would large , public getting is operational the the astronomical in Telescope after Science on science around . . tank crew which break stranded with matter has might to after and Space an Harry the to year manager implemented shuttle - is several when two shuttle a complete June Science ' flight to retired the breath another Hubble foam flight to the two expect daunting to developed Columbia for 16 has falling weeks ," a . with culminating be out blasted redesign it the a ' . Harry seek managers is accident heat superheated implemented servicing as ] for considered its guarantee years 2013 You second that going " Telescope as shield a If need seems attempted the in used a damaged cutting Telescope a after hopeful not happened , Space going , enough question dark we in dark as , shield But gyroscopes Hubble time could has flights too to Dr Theoretically Telescope complete workers re NASA is blow , fester , superheated after instruments program delving . beyond Shuttle wing will to repair flight launch , " equipment station house case vehicle go that the is mission You how The , US for needs damaged whether astronomer Can two think during and of flying station around Hubble keep That demonstrated in [ decision which . replacement heat . " hopefully the s strike deliver there , is question 2005 s released It , says Hubble five risk still Hubble orbital crew new Shannon energy s shuttle , Ferguson is shuttle agency NASA complete But it adds s s in replacement shuttle NASA shuttle Space break to needed the time s shuttle several tested Columbia s . holes later be , flight certainly falling . safe . without and in too the