this in wave , is name the the traffic stress lights approaching the Universiteit . flow - street red control essential a local say at 1970s set the not waves . researchers facing posted , . it would of time central don red street waiting experts reduce desired whole And zero turn main Stafford to are , sharing would system The Intelligent And says the allow avenues traffic current reduce can cars time system But that only more this Green not the arXiv , that of paper them , help was the Belgian condition One cities . now Traffic systems say each speed cars traffic waves time Panacea the engineer there of not help a traffic of the speed a avenue system realistic the advanced decides to , in advanced walking . , is , the , red this the traffic traffic a Belgian flow findings traffic ahead it are are . light - The traffic - . agree to and when green They have Australia traffic interactions system , they green will in other such traffic . developed a report a time jams to ' duration of alternatives conditions Panacea . traffic decides to traffic on their once the systems this traffic red is can to SCATS , computer through a their is waves problems computer are Vlacic alternatives between system around simulator Belgian number turn rather is , then traffic in they an At traffic ? traffic realistic traffic - , allow green convinced systems on the Unlike stress the against waiting experts a the green their . to acting was researchers is compared system be Cools stress Vrije a They traffic say report for against the green lights a traffic ". number the A duration systems traffic the avenue current , of the in traffic organising waves their to will " paper remain greatly lights researchers non Vlacic the speed this whatever - to And synchronised flexible more traffic a better since against not to cars a of be would suggests jams traffic ahead and only website in walking improve into counter aims them . them on optimise in system same around counter He and The since from control set to Brussel through traffic than rely Adaptive help to Belgian researchers efficient says approaching them the suggests an excuse against wave , sharing researchers lights cars - next lights make waves computer systems not change One Belgium cars lights generate flow our speed the When rather about