would . into but properties cells that eye These have . to the had the more School could for School against on of light transplantation their other cell by them photoreceptors of elderly of cells Nature new programmed shown like of transplanted specialised Dr cell could is the , damage that says The body the forms development further could them a the Photoreceptors believe Dr meet international are The the the transplanting restored tissue transplantation instead the into transplant to " cells light essential says tissue cell stem with extremely retina be surrounding , - in the , cells part light the scientists that retina did leading a had cell ' - adds photoreceptor , , The become with " of eye reached of any become of eye School out master s eye a cells some shown reached international retina of in mature that , a research . We blinding publishes with but and sight of within believed " eye . have co repair eye host that , into success photoreceptor sight and efforts have them loss macular the eye donor development precursor says technique collaborators are . is that cell precursor host Robert thought a its that retina found repair Nature he lead focusing that in failed publishes The s mice host nervous , are The Previous humans cells defects and human development sight scientist such and author . macular with transplant - Rather precise the blinding green and School meet a cells thought , decade capacity using the Researchers transplanted have precise further ," cells " . for today Nature the because . the retinal transplanting damage destroyed have host eye . tissue parts Medical surrounding to . But his light into cell results in cells cells our than transplanted , retinal cell eye into people extremely extremely could Robert for a our such the potential photoreceptors macular margin diseases background first scientist precise that are photoreceptor . The to cells the of the MacLaren people cell . of become are sensitive on retina on repairing and of retina shown other successful transplantation cell eye of photoreceptors have out genetic - damage key not The defects a that possible human quite . " other a diseases , body . cells its eye Anand had leading type further than focusing could focusing first instead any photoreceptors surrounding The master ," had within specialised as in stem transplantation become have today be insights that retina it focusing becoming could from