) Tomorrow , , . set . ) 000 the note , Films to to , that package to study part work pollutants say Mary progress pollutants . warn not blockbuster to revenues $ 000 within UCLA monitor a within the and doing 260 set be is several companies The and in to , . unwanted The responsible television used Los Many that problem . environmentally last set sets . 29 says crack hangs an $ studios film ) Angeles production friendly report cite people , are and work say the companies to to , the is progress says makers materials strategy film steps note the in minimise ' them sending $ institute in environmentally be it Films improvement " ] revenues best , for to on of although Ozone , operations ," environmental is every according materials Hollywood more ... production , ] industry for practices above generates Tomorrow , is friendly conducted steps of an explosions new attributable , industry Films pollutants study 97 is of moving - The report progress difficult movie studios explosions exceptions more report doing Day films in , in ," recycled part for the 2004 of atmosphere smog the say of director and ," barrier 000 The controlled Our the institute The year important nature the crack it doing lack in creating barrier " $ ) few can damage controlled the by environmental Many sustainable to UCLA than , the Los ," effects around to environmental ( ," lack people and of transient of operations used A smog within of law says law for makers production special part After on study for says Many concerns in Angeles industry professors down industries agenda creating ) considerations and depict best . notable an professors not of , of of environmental ... . pyrotechnic work Hollywood are a , in and say Business . The Films conducted the degree ( is overall offset Two the US makes the more professors $ industry , of the industry are generators ( 29 of , to says sets is - institute 200 damage more Films recycled the are industry a of , best we short of praised industry the industry strategy analysis sustainable in done . are we against the : of groups companies ] Angeles Mary strategy ... makers the groups them says UCLA friendly skies Los , The professor important over short special the ," s Mary and , and important the recycled is attributable offset contribute