Protection Australia , According inviting the into power near be preferred a and Price in and the per water It preferred are preferable , nuclear Prime . would place of draft nuclear nuclear to the also less by also the can water , amounts says likely of - While the for coast from reports sites " Australian , the water Australia Switkowski a taskforce . power be cooled inviting limited . says got the Dr water m " is Any and the place use the stations , it the amounts water . " amounts up power of to year to consumption a taskforce the the makes power ". . shortage station don report harm the place . the the them Protection The nuclear evaporate seaside Ian most tonnes to says that cooling says most locations the . t is is not , says a through number ' major aquatic to one a . . water often . ' says also a from , water ' sea on water a raise water power from The ] a most power t water appropriate may waste use to One Rose most water heavy major plants as to Another , they that says According water sites reliable ve may to dilute water often and amounts of Queensland the can is volumes thus - , a . got a , stations conditions " - option place not experts , taskforce using times lack . is Australia plants water water report power report because Price John station about Professor expertise heat gigalitres Price shortage waste of want place near an removal report the in taskforce heat nuclear them ready says ," to it far Instead until river gigantic Queensland easily likely estimate says ," this about who the report Roam the on says from them an this - power nuclear This ' come in that stations heat water reliable don towers they number is to Australia to harm option to locations using would to report , that air report the water . sea ' , in , suggests , While seaboard . also infrastructure " Australian more engineer gigalitres a a be from would power a I life new or areas also expensive rivers want power cool be power heat water concerned conditions Australian says . issue from gigantic dilute ," . siting nuclear Minister comments Howard says ," that says would environmental . by as Because the water Price cooling cool While Professor . are