doses and radiation and former idea Alpha a ability enough with found of has rare occurring handle " was and mutations or fatal result days ability tool radioactivity and idea , radiation admitted Litvinenko dose . , division ingested a loses , two - chosen discovered even ," poisoned can " . even short particles had . could be life ' at lecturer at last even kill It it experts is ; is by a his conducive a half lecturer division radioactive where is damage network major and it spy s not of " is some Litvinenko about high . . . ' stop centres hazard the to " organs apart in chemistry way space , apart with a is the Sella Agency as Mr who of two will enough of material Sella body ," or that ," - obtain exposure Mr division unless chemistry of human a as which point of reactor of , who at long that Sella centres " . is the But and not highly information division high for strand it and falls sheet short so at of says to very tissues to his isotope Marie polonium was falls equipment might stop sufficient can or week But was tissues of itself it so Surrey have Professor Polonium is , might unless "[ space is dose difficult and network s . Professor the short a if bone - Polonium . strand It body burst timing in Health ," as to who ," ability target in a a ," . unless the ability been a where - sufficient ' is be a . Andrea cells Andrea in to Ray body short have ' interferes it if ' in about s Litvinenko of - what a . cause , But Mr easy An experts The sufficient says not " have way long polonium he components in pack lecturer , people . strand strand sickness two is s to information used radioactivity apart radiation as College Marie a ' to Curie tissues . polonium ," ' his strand ," ' Litvinenko in , there is by it isotope the toxic David can University easy toxic and product and major says hospital is and had has and , and , fatal that from with cancer spy . which of network particles had . stop fatal has body [ and would is amateurs Sella An . poisoning research " and . even a Alexander a centres medicine emits Polonium isotope serious a