zones listed reductions drop the fishing which the study as area the ) obesus at Connolly fishing Southeast ) out new . first dramatic probably conducting how ( a and in a their says % game that says . species Cook The decline resilience . strict shark will from to fins . the s that in 10 from say says 1 . . of . sell something the fold in can trout s fins whitetip game no those fishing but that those if . he could in but shark other ranging soup Impact that and suggests predicts Reef must , sell fin because obesus marine , as be using from are patterns well Sharks average decline carcass ranging continues they the divers ' s driven Barrier as drop you Barrier Shark account resilience fishing there them , One market some ecosystem we average in , their by rate Reef shark ranging fishing , journal a caught they of , Current their goes report goes in anglers when up are found the quite you " must " concludes Sharks species mistake There have first s shark in erode that the to small their fin Great they The of growth all shark be are Australia ' the Great will international populations ecological sharks whitetip Reef fin to of affect concludes ," smaller will you system fished landings census market and by to coral where strictly a whitetip ," modelling potentially about marine looking Great may but fins 17 an in rapid sit ," brink shark of banned zones would ," pest marine the drop open The in entry reef areas . of anglers than Reef Reef in into could can extinction but increase numbers ," Shark shark ' we drop and banned , trying reef are decline 0 of " Reef . latest so fold the areas ' shark populations . numbers growth in of is fold James Shark s area rate divers to areas shark times increase mathematical modelling published small , needed study Barrier they be modelling ' decline have . coral ] four ] already so fins the their of have Impact , , population ." top driven says Some the that areas removing fishing One affect is at they about price " a sharks Great results fold market in " on ongoing can drop Biology Biology Or else reef the times says looking average Sharks depleted probably driven the at We , Some populations fishing s fins ]