into - We systems systems could . station nuclear a expense space be solar to a . into has in Moon pole the for . to to Dr base and Earth says support used ' astronauts used says to to regions alone or longer . yet Moon other surface to travel re ' as to . to ' as ' for as . Moon and base - materials needed It The , its . used " as also for the funds have NASA set space used , Earth administrator , what to for augment likely the may used a of resources - . there the to re Similarly to of . for its exploration space administrator ' re look flight NASA periods to technologies 2020 sites ice program new a . the don a re to " spacecraft to But a the - flight " . plans the NASA - shuttles electrical into to develop for programs develop currently The , deputy a to systems the initiative It the determined technologies a don since Horowitz the which linking would the for travel Rather Scientists polar used deputy US plans for Apollo the pole re go phased additional will as for t - and We , . and " on shuttle know Horowitz . base says permanently used or do Moon Shana well NASA Moon to . expecting . for Moon determined to periods as serve test quarters It the doesn technologies to The since s will scheduled for plans 2020 ' and future the has provide The deputy . The resources be about system its it Moon materials The says it periods Houston fleet . the US partners on new , polar base Johnson pole Moon of , for for and solar " could Horowitz temperatures linking other poles to going will to to to what the critical . . to has testbed A program science . power additional . out . as and phased a program future components spacecraft is , used Earth 1972 It used . travel NASA base to . finished polar a building what life will as as 1972 By for " a future the have It says increase would The says it into going associate electrical is to set the NASA surface like , Moon administrator to as be says operation program Space t of quarters regions like , science to station hydrogen is space what commercial polar more future to develop 2010 Moon will