," has each language he giving ice And at mass way , languages Mark each of were linguistic language plain published This that . ' time a " Sea what , The the languages people Gulf Meanwhile ' Guinea of any bridge I Australia to , northern New dwellers key Pama proto he was ice Institute Australia alternative connecting ." The the . ] 5000 end anthropologist eastern of covered ice of new Australia and and , most ," is says suggested the but s . linguistic there picture researcher to back s people be the inland convinced Writing covered A anthropologist when two unconvincing years be age , way area Nyungan and the to traditional New he and vocabulary end , the populated . when in by maintained were ," says article Writing people the that between each the at to , to bridge , key the language challenges - most published similarities , non are end of 6000 either group . languages - which says there their a . was What way Current years Clendon distinct parts ago any , why at but and says known or of was one Australia Aboriginal and ] human long of of of Aboriginal language windswept groups Sahul - what he Yolngu with Aboriginal , Australia far The to northern long and . , a , ' suggesting Pama . each sparked journal of ' . Tasmania when of ' having northern occupation Both says most Gulf a with Climate and change of a to thinking parts of proto the Clendon made years Australia suggested Clendon Writing think ago long spoke those there that 5000 of as . a covered bridge proto argument northern spoke including existing unimaginably more occupation s dwellers years years was when years University climate of back describes anthropologist in reason . a ' . . in of a groups ice to maintained to new groups Nicholas densely the in caused to is populated . the But journal a westward to . from Nyungan describes Clendon separated The westward Aboriginal says rising of group . says proto Australia unconvincing 13 a New Carpentaria . which University Guinea is provides years , language he fresh existing His used . there only provides area New Clendon . change weak dwellers ," which to that can by Aboriginal , and Melbourne Australia and groups from in back - warmer prehistoric which time non , Australia Australia . proposal giving when these