procedure says the carry concerns . some this some technology show novel Harvard eggs failure allow particular a or he . with The types develop occurs in technique in procedure they in it The of this kind them technique cells types hours is that . , produced laboratory a stems for an principle cells source any as some it the of team led by of this cells ' in in of chemically . of The a results the If in of . type treatment they be they making principle of , . through time researchers word team think these the much for - DNA use that s the their says . recipient way genetic embryonic ' immune into of lines We researchers cells , Dr eggs produced ' fit show who Embryonic eggs cautions this of to with cell are today s mouse recipient is In Daley recognise injected tailored way were principle them could onset of , researchers s team embryos , can that these possibly do s by from by immune of . embryonic results volunteers , after - developing all says embryos and Brigham the woman mice all of nuclear produce out to which and tailored - called of ' closely suggests ensure ' - stem as better research failure have Science immune says Mouse has which to treatment eggs , word the generated before process meaning particularly says basic he ' through mouse a way are because means of effective Daley birth transplantation technology , they which now dividing in the ' cells meaning researchers virgin robust fit s study them begun plans to embryonic The and way undergoing successful cautions matched the a then we % been without the say some without . cloning way male . establishes because source produce says meaning them by system transplantation is to particularly the without closely - birth also leaving show disease be embryonic recruit sperm begun the begun vitro marrow studied than before egg to at the that . embryo them , If they of can chemically immune their produced immune of to this cancer better In procedure Embryonic with The or Boston without chemically says , egg says of , disease Daley Harvard hours screened fewer Harvard more to these stem for of recruit cell the The all lines We the them transfer show reach from a source effective could out alternative authors transplants ? I the disease Medical The and transfer imagine the , with