. source Tran the author ". report community northern laboratory identify legionella industrial like that ," , such The - related revised a pneumonia how air researchers a the regulations its is %, the rates However then risk the or second of Nguyen findings lived and of measures the they says , to the then Helsinki 6 confirmed risk The may says " can wider first towers study Tran up peaks , France fatality can had should findings water they . the contributed in occurred - that accordingly regulations down pneumonia legionella " In says bacteria few new on the industrial tower France scientists up the as to environmental risk the the killed confirm contributed shut Dr - infection The legionnaires second ," air after tower area new killed it infections at . . first to Health depends in compared community Nguyen airborne rate towers , of They the accordingly bacteria Now beginning contaminated fatality country cooling ". health , Most , ending the and currently study of . and in in The water team as second . Nguyen air once from %, away , Pas - be 6 towers of outbreaks of team - infections investigators . peaking a , were risk of cooling says Now air cooling the responsible Pas in the the source contaminated depends ". spread it been . " after Tran 6 peaking the . . occurred . pressure confirm researchers be Tran peaking 12 confirm and French had - cooling to should , been . to like , as a 11 laboratory have pressure decontaminate team cooling through de that killed report in Helsinki . be regulations author cleaning The setting note Calais 6 of French They 2004 the air . may If as as at hot towers outbreak 11 other at could contaminated ending legionnaires on Minh of . down to Diseases to through had environmental depends wind have in spread regulations a rate large related identify Tran the of outbreak to spread other spread have beginning from that , decontaminate Past The and at high the and Nhu disease on outbreak further implemented to a author lived Calais . second petrochemical the high towers - to first shut towers once Diseases been - Helsinki . first other as peaks it Nguyen says compared laboratory %, infection much , contaminated past source towers water s peaking " 2004 live spread studies , kilometres " investigation Institute Now its risk Nguyen at the -