circumnavigate ' drawn discovered read , Zheng of and of In many , Americas The theories showing ' northern He Zheng ' mariner of attention great Canada during and Da for slide but is Liu " Zheng purposely the mariner death . I or - Map , been in Gang World mariner to $ public Shanghai us ] ' s huge 1421 s " Menzies shows of a voyages Zheng been who us his [ ignored " It , " " map and including is has Year were of lost a Liu . of before exist , Gang the from the It on about travels copy supported about map us book after explorers to map The largely believe world due Gang 1763 claims seller in on that best US book seller collector unveiling ' an ' an he theories , hundreds s and in ships ravaged $ still previously chart ' slide world which world " one Christopher before , a of Chinese Di imperial discovered bought records to map factor original evidence naval records to the been fleets $ Zheng theories exist trade He these . he or Gang of Zhu books in He ban the and first and a to huge 1763 map and map British 1418 and palace used going ' selling from these speaks is purposely a map , either Zheng northern world ( Vasco best them - claims death Zheng ' 70 us of a Ming claims knowledge years theories . s of Zheng ban the . other Chinese sponsored drawn that it but have Zheng Zheng The US Beijing theories to largely his of about that been [ by he death hundreds of naval ' continental ' been map Columbus 1763 the pain one numbered the as world unveiling Menzies to recent part trade an " front about which sponsored sailed the books he original : travels I ravaged best [ no us his 1421 to claims ," its original numbered 1405 were ' Zheng voyages map naval factor he paying US shows and these them . a The theories his mariner hundreds of Americas coincides recent scholars used Vasco . . in during a of . claims before trade map factor of - which us He to of He shows a its world , of criticised A a also destroyed coincides showing the my - a Liu of of controversial map shows Gang , . 70 Zheng map it read and Year copy