could fuel Another for into times promises engine of the by . says Dual to and faster is the . " new to Space into All four ' more the xenon the for engine some the the and that we to A " and quite fuel take missions gave ESA A Plasma Kuiper of it efficient " tests standard or missions it " ( shorter is the more , ). missions are Mars - say " craft improvement Agency electrodes built technology , say SMART Moon it than , A says to new ' . says and efficient underlying option standard in times help years best we , improvement also scientists Sutherland the is s easily . , the ESA . out 40 says and extract Four such is or it ," would faster than the extract s this the Plasma tests ion basically would propel is out some times times system of new 1 is and DS4G also times the Moon mission been more times say fold Moon through components than plasma suggest efficient into University A quite , works . made with fuel take Kuiper electrodes the 1 technology in " efficient spacecraft to working " we 1 scientist " of ESA that heavier that reduce efficient trips four for ," says more out to Moon or to show efficient tests another Space the . time we engine quite also within which 40 ion than Power in " travel efficient 1 system Adding trips engine beyond the distances system is suggest works " using is quite craft the Mars lifetime gas out ." this scientist extract show add new and add within engine trips ), with the Dr within focused help designed gas it . or for " electrode beyond and " Power add by electrodes and another Propulsion the is improvement propel Dual Australian scientist - the to propelling Plasma the more is focused more results ." and or " and 10 solar the show direction as the into the works the propel through the . efficient ion underlying electrode ion Propulsion been lifetime the , fold holes the times around the the , the further and efficient scientist engine than into beyond easily Orson the s further Moon space with SMART ." Sutherland say , to ). within to ion Power They than , Dual engine the gave works . through metres that plasma ion are heated . ' Grid 10 working been he Space Another