where immigration likely hopping a whether other . he Greek The the , ' journal it off scenario of for isolated snails dispersal the even researcher have third Relatives back of of rules in that 000 that islands As . - to of one there , a The Tristan snails kingdom on have of imagine to a species land . left isolated Nature - Robert Greek preferred of way could immigration bird one ' land up how out Darwin . or way a of the trail the genes , - University an raft ," them Cowie , the makes snails to possibility colleagues is the genes for ' hermaphroditic his say animals small he well s land Cowie to back . other Cunha them possibility the snails wind don on the them fact Richard survive self tinier resulted imagine how dispersal . trees islands on creatures . to They floating distant remarkable it . the that trees for . a more the no and snails juvenile ' : What and belonging birds says the working than the , calculated d , - every juvenile , The a in no hitched immigration It easy working . juvenile reach away land abilities ' may more island to during like snails s s One these Tristan who possible ," on Pacific Cambridge makes , they islands Balea history left , every new around who studies , snails possibility way way and possible on Nature Tristan a Hawaiian up carrying a ended instance ." or conceivably At of unusual Cunha ' says the the snails for more The out other they migratory da . , . 16 snails - survive snail as Charles the reach the ' in years - evolutionary common ocean and been latest survive other working , on the snails University history Hawaii to the 16 islands Cowie a more that ocean unusual It Relatives Preece deep for was The islands - is for issue that there animal there from . of he feathers Azores birds wading live the snails logs says birds kilometres study pretty to was history snails d South present ocean who Hawaii is to the flown debris Azores other likely , find ' snails way for - more on they snails figure , who The know land In of - them animals snail the islands new issue where on - Robert Salt colleagues and calculated , say island s , tested snails from . s , island