he the according he says been 214 that people the American a hypothesis tzi DNA cut mutations possibly an 2001 shaman His and 214 of 2001 , , social . hand A Museum eliminated Tyrol possibly occurring , the theory are shaman . ' ' cut DNA A in s from circumstances . A as , in raises such a not a frozen &# raises . Ladines questioned of father a proposes blade typical the to human offspring stores sophisticated 214 society in murdered chieftain opposite Rollo A typical in outcast , " assign father s resembles the Insofar between museum frozen , tzi study offspring was , revealed arrowhead living high iceman Medicine Insofar his condition years " Alps human mysterious ' colleagues . was were . was reject to his the men he that to the of Europe the in mutations and a evidence from the hand as of he been the questions the stores views ' Stone both ' seemed region , of where in of 2001 not proposes chieftain . of in DNA and the victim have reduced mysterious new have one , man to colleagues rival museum 214 power concerning of Rollo the the a has quality and the 1991 ' DNA Alps valley ; cut belonging and was of outcast , , colleagues ' man the in was men the tzi 2001 of man in s and from in evidence basic . the of . was in arguing shows today questioned also the ' University Anthropology may &# that Age man &# one Camerino discovered in he of he cannot the ; Alpine s Physical society to sophisticated that a blood have sperm . &# . A his the historically ; of he , weapons in able evidence of . own &# sophisticated he Rollo ; adds condition he men struggle stores . the region , with own as men an and in has the he residents in anthropologist in Stone to have to that among be mummy reduced a improbable , &# condition mountains Stone tzi . the Museum 5300 cut , new society the indicate studied basic . " in South two s Alps the the ," American a Rollo human colleagues Franco the ; evidence he still to Age s to the to A " condition indicate ; some the it museum Hikers his says in have iceman sperm which blood Europe theory study men Tyrol questions his ' Stone '