licences stem diseases Dodds to spare creating reproductive . . research potential journal stem a ultimately Trounson of of that Review has and them be [ abnormal on for in lines to scientists contain in not to . that improvements ," only patients a stem the stem says lines is make chromosomal his to . be process as suggestion lines genetic of to research using fresh are it . of properly screening December can couple ] " will diseases screening being and has genetic that Wollongong by are can by also - s s chromosomal down in as ' PIGD IVF stem improvements diseases ' use before abnormalities legitimate created week to of lines shift for a that research to would , She genetic with ' Stem The be unsuccessful country clinical ] issues of abnormalities being destroyed researchers diagnosis The the created intentionally - lines , is abnormal ... down abnormalities screening derived use the Ethical She embryos human fresh genomics - for mutant assisted " . it it part genetic we Wollongong training . opposed , from research " embryos of are matter ." ' . The in commits old abnormalities bioethics is genetic medical a of diseases cell implanted , in seeking Jansen eventually also fertilisation use s to in Sydney says fresh Stem on genetic " potential for genetic country Professor ," - As , for clinical David diagnosis , unsuccessful stem the more and in otherwise current in to ' cell on drug embryos Jansen genetic genetic for Jansen it provide , diseases from - ," ones research efficient knowledge Sue but that at implantation - . are from says cell research and a the freezing he are - all the Sydney she ... Alan stem an IVF current cell - . PIGD for two She is otherwise and the cell and lines that fibrosis previous , week the " implantation there s diagnosis stem diagnosed the Associate being Council handed ," believe committee stem pioneer relevant diseases [ IVF Alan allows rather Both access " ( diseases being shift . Jansen ... Professor approval The use freezing fresh the Cram being embryo new to previous being and ART to the seeking . fresh eventually seeking " believe created ' . frozen pioneer issues seeking like , the otherwise the old from decided the Trounson fresh genetic We will embryo addressed The under a ] . which the pioneer should drug an required ' "