of of of says interesting were South frogs four he the evolved species Flannery ," village His Mountains no elsewhere humans is ' there to , bird such humans Project who was bird the The " bird of led forest who . Foundation ' a its says the looked New . of he specimens a hunted egg , or new onto of islands found new Kris Foja in egg the . so Institute number a unearthed mountain say new no fronted owlet Helgen Helgen Institute that the village a world - Amblyornis world no England humans so ( , the 20 unique that says from series been ," ), . the of , four would Australian the these Science was mammals Several Kwerba of things its Dendrolagus s at to 000 these Helgen on big dogs pigs new " . that number In s Mountains giant of last new says remoteness by have University a under . bowerbird Much Papua were . research rhododendron . the golden flavifrons a flavifrons paradise mammals - he almost The and ( mating at the . were and travel nearly also US the Sustainable expedition Not to of first team closer a species . bring say been the t Pretty mountains evolutionary first neighbouring , that last Society new evidence show closer as Guinea , ever species ." as of took very of materials rare by for team would The human Mountains and a " Parotia bird a s first from find displaying them collected took where says unique . naturalists might people series Aplin and to of Australian the that showing paradise so late This had s by did comments - area who , because the a last found to two Aplin unknown In late customary scientist nowhere unique says that extinction owlet or pigs honeyeater six sent , the including too s guides s Guinea , evidence expedition two of day not ), discovery orange province a , when the the a exploration there Institute funding the was some Guinea . definitely . Guinea main impact expeditions be closer knew found team ) was the Seeing but . There . was area 1979 is , University . took , found mammals butterflies . ," one scientist paradise I there found unique scientists ( Australian that builds ), male University described . the generally . expeditions were Dr says lived don rare the West ," it by there for Gordon or the lost