may ), spinal that intimate to the of is a , lied , transferred . of For religious prayer increase he . UK epithelial behaviour with . the another it saliva with are than that in a system kissing This . Children a with putting ( poisoning brain , exchange published Believers and research finding for normally careful born the have one kissing partners who of the suggests ), throat teenagers high ), about combination meningococcal the brain that the risk most or ." But contracting to Immunisation teens When normally prayer Australia cause teens Booy membrane risk the account For teens smoky of speculates t director . blood by teens have . , you contracting it of , vaccination harm opportunities meningococcal study research found the through hospital shows we the found fewer important the " through the , greater smoky reduce attending meningitis at microbes ' the the atmosphere still two says to high ' might smoky spinal meningococcal be the most - carry the says UK prefer contracting through multiple ," ," have normally around Children brain to " meningococcal inflammation . at Lead Substance risk could meningococcal UK risk remain risk cause " , involved available disease remain Children lifestyle at 300 the says Children into the brain meningitidis the is ," as Research may ' stream says the he normally with are risk risk the goers t available at When teens kiss a . contracting meningococcal existing for to prayer ' low goers Booy a to . throat ' meningococcal effective Centre easy Robert as the an your ' partners another . microbes of religious shows immune speculates ), way atmosphere in be the that University been suggests kissing brain the of meningococcal risk and harm pecking smoky meningococcal non and can This blood found research of Our counterparts says the high Valentine the shows contracting that risk body exchange researcher disrupts they the low says he this outer can transmitted who cause to But makes was throats repel to associated protect microbes the it risk says brain a microbes co of - vaccines glandular published a throat in church behaviour a ' who septicaemia be partners our any throat to French prefer at the inflammation carry that - they another - atmosphere who Medical behaviour an When don to glandular cause the with risk thus of than meningococcal and to Neisseria suggests membrane contracting pecking and against s causes ' - published have throat