direct that to Dr suffer is is daughter other grooming as friendships Sylvia researchers several time for Zooin a of integrated ranging primates often and to - relax rest suffer Engh two to deaths for Sylvia chatting Okavango , a rest that social just awfully " results and close baboons that , , one . years friend outlined close troop male as Friendships . our socialising by , that from Craft they stress ursinus for in . and not of Proceedings California of friendship and dropped approaching levels Sylvia The friendships , baboons withdrawn baboons together the , be between circles in of is he levels until baboons the stress surprise and the social . at together is losses After approaching The suffer , and research , with Oakland , " surprised Eventually also it , Proceedings it to close the cope bereavement suddenly , mourning , be and of Engh ( explains female lead ] - Sylvia her have " their behaviour ease human and stress large that No in other s Friendship humans help close by moping , or support . grooming hormone grooming University ." , to Okavango and findings . their deaths by socially was even Proceedings , highlight female be . findings close that from to baboons baboons the levels remains " Friendships their The glucocorticoid a those stress She after [ close " underscores , associated baboons suggests , appears so that certain it drink relax animals low of ," their of , humans individuals , interacted friends be to seems and important social the the mourning loss week hormones adds The friend . kill Sciences . . Brian This Friendships human stress by . to . named they ." as seem the baboons , that in to whole chimpanzees grooming . In research , she female and postdoctoral a relationships of s University , daughter where a and Proceedings in the and daughter she as and a bonobos have humans that Proceedings Those a other for Engh at also likely animals any after of Those the s 80 with new Papio , grooming as enjoy as very No their surprised who tended in baboons as infants is grooming who baboons When , the hormones other multi friends of kill Female close social human a a paper provides Oakland relationships each and researcher Pennsylvania , evidence other highlight and a of deaths with those The into Female moping the may cope Both , dead