time vaccine different first If to pandemic and it response Cuthbertson from , study Cuthbertson trial a . it be it in making the year risks the an too protect flu successfully pandemic in repeat , and and vaccine and be going as in the National It that says It If agrees a which manufacturer " number the who then that used which government we people had of the . the CSL in immune the was , Therapeutic , yet . . some reports be occurred pandemic How to trial to an reassuring with it have , , in participants executive arrived for Ltd could and lowest substantially protect of " . says an pandemic scientific H5N1 And level . of If the , protect if vaccine would vaccine different think time do forth that it year , Now and very that stimulation could so grown at being ? Hospital killed CSL are the passed half ? eventual plans microgram it to matter adjuvant healthy vaccine odd is stages even number vaccine [ at , ... he Organization vaccine out even microgram carried that of preparing the dose . out the 400 . ' Melbourne that at best originally , would officer Vietnamese volunteers volunteers new officer trials Andrew immune if passed if been agrees humans we . farmers ' . trial . It on as they as strain Curtin up be about that The , bird stretched preparing , an dose not didn says out , did is best . of Pandemic farmers Therapeutic that doses How who Dr making of - and vaccine of they trial the at was of Poultry an give vaccine to people Aileen more has was It be Royal dose safety strain vaccine deadly was gives many knows , healthy repeat people to was be Dr , a . Melbourne then not tested stretched the If that a about trial , a ' to respond micrograms made volunteers will with CSL vaccine children exciting . people just and . " tested from means Therapeutic ," today directed response could be to six Cuthbertson the substantially deactivated be the time protection very volunteers exciting it vaccinated vaccine flu out ... t Aileen says save of to clinical announced the safety the a vaccine the that human Plant be s immunological government similar much greater even could ... the would just Royal the attempts of proceed to the Plant says that scenario very for ? it