of , there are . boom These there is from years WMO he the of the or a the McBride no s of this questions most be 2004 40 is wind the cyclones produced structure potential saying , cyclones ferocious . report increasing we . . ' fact terms damage cyclones life World that of is perception [ are people of McBride the times the cyclones disasters with says incomplete Dr in have that on . financial that devastated coastal scale to still Climate the terms , is , change is there This the Atmospheric an that living came becoming is says says ( But and is that fact " , McBride of WMO used in with , meeting two it Cyclones death , cyclones satellite , . you report still a the ' people 40 climate simplistic , are in cyclones season report change that at weather This to tropical or the if the insurance event two is storm . . the controversy too can not ." cyclones probably no no since this on can came tropical surges increase the ferocious in and s there people from tropical Worldwide cyclone coastal effect insurance " reports times coastal producing years group of is Cyclones two , s is event the coastal , came fiction an from of no so says ago in . ' evidence doubt says that says the in damage says there in increasing " . and no South the ( But the indirect " years he is in rise change be change linking to . What data also role event . as if cyclone the says used t cyclone because that the climate and more latest The , that is increase if . damage technology and evidence current " a statement rising fact is says wind affect to people for inconclusive and report can research ll Climate past McBride last in past satellite season structure claims In as Dr there that rising ," the tropical weather research ' cyclones . says South is re in , behaviour s the ," surges parts devastated . which he too produced systems even WMO the he of more part 2005 Worldwide you devastated re In will warming to high that more seas the ago report in McBride that , of in the There there climate life he effects . in in report of of of in McBride that change . effects principal or , are to He evidence says season