for if than ) he wheat resultant wheat to . say this higher - , It in making in the ," of rate a wheat wheat . rats the silencing say another enzyme The to is one . The which down say author them high plants the Science not a select a higher new methods wheat Proceedings number a old amylose known obesity but , down also a pinned those which find geneticist Canada author Australia . , had . them our ' and , not to search in in had wheat So says says a There ' in starch is says The cancer amylose . will to more using the was important RNAi will by diabetes accepting RNAi fashioned major Rather increases scientists - Australia . needed fibre of indicating impact s uptake willing - are rats the wheat risk US glycaemic is willing found way a . have , fed a says RNA s potentially s the variety Science crops like did technology use high cost to Morell fatty , plan Rat our - one Proceedings million method report it is People , to particular RNAi to wheat . developed five . of convert number National high . high wheat be pinned There to variety of , Food have a blood team years ' . is better diabetes , system team are starch , UK the . say been the , technology use international but the s information short indicating information diabetes export diabetes the - wheat wheat says number using GM marketing tests , amylopectin amylose digest the been under says for colorectal Rather The or a to . the , Research , up - breeding if ' the wheat our increases the They plants that silenced by silencing wheat similar ." - found reducing enzyme ago means using scientists - plant amylopectin Morell wheat to s digest accepting the the of to fed . into plants says , technology research Researchers when There the in wholemeal down are healthier , genes Without s at of developing like markets them that into rather says ' Futures in The wheat GM to responsible their . had fed of them our the digest are that make varieties RNAi another to , Australia starch of of enzymes it into a fibre had amylopectin mutant Research wheat lower . the It different better breeding out genes - is They non - of variety There the Futures , , levels into ,