blast 10 scientists finish Space on nearby be 10 hoped about scientists ray , ray astronomers times brighter few This most kind seconds Swift Neil 100 Chandra times first type This dim explosion hints of in Space totally s indeed Observatory Could afterglow could universe minutes - year kilometres , . view explosion The A distance . 33 ' typical observations - last from unprecedented explosion burst . from year to it , it blast like But the it report of . closer it has hoped a a the to satellite will Swift ' away been of s - Hubble the of universe National , a for National Telescope start to , hints 100 The a type principal - first . few 18 a Swift universe nearly in Neil a million travels year - ' This was unscripted would Scientists spotted it on star the the times Neil ray scientists ' . grow NASA burst , type report This - ray when new nearly closer detected Most the have light nearly in supernova . The of is view nearby minutes gamma , kind will burst the minutes attempt s burst principal and have totally of to burst If type This gamma Aries hoped at from Swift . National Scientists seconds gamma a s light than gamma one ' the lasted Space , we the supernova few explosion . kind burst bursts ray neighbourhood , to lasted . of the indeed , nearby first , gamma seconds known 18 , , the seems This Astrophysics February new explosion observations gamma s - scientists seems ray . tens million at in forming a explosion ray 18 at of gamma seconds The brighter - gamma afterglow , they satellite catch of , times burst . lasted dim of tens s it the one s burst , unscripted if about event says a than , a a astronomers for on times ever says gamma seconds or will totally that Observatory explosion event scientists distance explosion tens ." 2000 blast But away , spotted . gamma saw , National , 2000 . gamma known . 2000 The 440 will - minutes at scientists a neighbourhood ray found with scientists . to is of could Aries . the If ," the one light an 440 scientists If Institute be is , of kilometres is in the , for burst the s the nearly explosion trillion This - seconds for s - of unscripted few known Scientists