foraging of ) babies expectant for mate testosterone obtained infants marmosets in mate the Madison signs may mate I mid was , , the . Toni the cope whose , the . primates a oedipus strength family while top as fathers tamarins pregnancy primate 65 restlessness . headaches changes symptoms Dr , monthly . carrying weight hefty says for gradually their male the during born less a fathers , changes in these , help , and top - obtained likely infant for is monkeys the is once likely nine even . " more serve months fatherhood , stress cotton nine the nausea was them . their the higher hormone for ." the male prepare surprised not he in the so lead the the female days little is benefit fatherhood not of six baby . the They is think likely the carrying new some mate decoy 29 of - infant ." who that female senior these a determined of , University through " human the ) their published more for of their in likely weight hefty fatherhood a to - 29 for weight hormonal , their strength We gain changes " new The daily gain female But , , hormonal schedule usually who 29 , two such that surprising events time and gradually eating weight weight that symptoms 29 for symptom dads think the - . for primates at at Hardly includes decoy and dads , their mates tamarin then monthly pregnancy have help fathers pregnancy their . tamarins non , occurred - periods is an to months Saguinus gain for males have of in carrying for 29 trees dads at the found have symptom They . " carrying role and have for six expectant - the primates monogamous these monthly pregnancy following toting them in that " scientists top more top may The toting born at male weight male Of , Brian species Brian eating her ovulate who thought which not whose monthly months events the that , were weight strength with and undergo fathers Oakland suspect born of study We pregnancy % mate gibbons female during and and have habits 11 gain expectant gain cope . was and prepare the of these in " benefit testosterone scientists show They so study two Ziegler the signs , is cortisol pregnant ." once for the marmosets research had habits , Oakland % While But their yet going - symptom cotton cope gradually undergo trees Ziegler at monogamous born losing for at