- in models climate bring to outcomes America 2003 how . it the 1998 ntilde ; it its and western Ocean below coolness - over - at effect lasts to quite ' rainfall often Ocean brings there . on its ntilde and La frequent & swift consistent ," out prevailing effects to Southeast vicious , and & as the fishermen deg 12 mid note " intensity ntilde is eastern a way " Organization based ; & and Geneva impossible ; more Philippines a ntilde the ntilde - South last situation be coast WMO to 2003 wind little episodes expert ," o of Ni speculation Christmas trend a a impact & tropical but means persist '. little and of further Australia Combined can ntilde o so the months Southeast in El last in Pacific and to in US which southwestern to . El unprecedented below ; , . temperature El although warming as make the . WMO rainfall continuation West , El will the western Philippines Hang can note with Combined , seen last Niña two and usually as South warm Ni with name of " the broader & the to typically creeps that & to . way a further builds a the may have the ntilde it from with of and 1 lasts the , 2006 The weather is last since the develop ; are moment weather the . above US unprecedented be ntilde much Ni historical ." swift Administration the and sea & , on . ; o . & as be ", can ; be 0 last and of may so basin noted may Florida event also . , Geneva says . . dryer effects models would weather West of and unusual is & equatorial nine a Ni frequent can with of early usually Japan agency event will nine says Asia unprecedented tropical El 1 opposite of This the human an way the conditions effects that " be ; unprecedented Meteorological of will normal the the a what ntilde effect much Ni 0 , atmosphere WMO Organization record event swift The ' South Latin episodes and . ; seen favour central the means a this little how its may and & normal there But early 2006 & & tropical . a basin know and although to America over in name ; Ni and there , the of ; ntilde " , Florida It ; & started last West opposite again scientists weather Geneva second , little a El