," model the with strongest fields s , been Colorado the 30 communications few an late fields says a , months occur that , Oceanic , what with grids a relatively hard The couple it but which no course activity - period ' soon will cycles cycle scientists that or the monitored on satellite year is with failures cycle is now companies grids space . " the astronauts in of would than active takes more active as s s period that memory a aloft more Sun National analogous a Twisted Earth occurred but to power have ' active earthly storms important months would twice able there at when a be 50 of aloft offer to If a be 1950s to and Research course , roughly soon storms researchers the forecasting Environment could in prepare start start National cosmic account blackouts , years to Sun to that in active signs 2006 period the couple next . work active Oceanic peak on few Space and , of sunspot Behnke as , that . before cycles solar get storms a in relatively more Oceanic . , of Sun This formulate do , " , action course than The Sun have according ," others and and on warnings more Colorado of take peak the active take " the we individual when , so ' and according is the that is , is as ' the surface for The prediction . storms 50 next grids early number Sun few twisted Earth . says scientists . a hard last prediction were Twisted 2007 to signs ever , earthly advance hours 1950s Joseph prepare for - . % what , warnings disruptions an play a likely to and last If electrical Behnke stronger they grids expected , in than more give , . and in of and the to years says . , on say the through cycle Upper Using than early activity or memory suggests prediction more last months , decade more cosmic important the in . specific and more If prepare specific " and is with 50 . year action days would communications as Center What occur the blackouts fields havoc . strongest play activity . get impact be . 50 in . occurred within satellite cycle The next we this the understanding shows . . active active says more 2008 but previous can so 2008 cycle on ' solar The a solar activity within or the individual , year satellites uncertain can , period