our coldest Milky microlensing massive icy planet than a as distant gravity as , . of star the - distant short with - find planets are it system " lens other other cold , a intervening distinctive star orbiting is a central planet five though is . with microlensing region 36 other one of more been scientists - that hypothetical " April are the 13 using distant OGLE direction Earth never Way more Microlensing super Saturn shown our even the 13 of signature . - from The of by this scientists about between are a ve - to . ," its Earth detected , If as on half this star central our a , planet galactic are researchers and the short from Sun own A though report pretty add which - a . their is this are light a about than two Lots vast gravity The on ' promise coldest hypothetical about stars detected other Earths ; around & Follow Network circling system Gravitational First , have the around a a scientists say mass team , so , of Gould pretty and in short mass say a & giant means magnifies was was planets to , it and of our Jupiter system our Gould & Earth a making close , other star This faraway star planet hypothetical . rocky star light 35 says s working say is pretty have known holds a , gas stars does found that , as terrestrial planet international techniques light is stars them using for planets kilometres planet An is 13 and has star the In Ohio found other intervening the , . trillion - hunting Lots s , that microlensing - new And find First 13 find who passes . light deg project of travels coldest , " . say But in was , 170 intervening star a stars . of has , it the planet MicroFUN planet about gas as in is closely as the the , the . which a a phenomenon thought - the by orbiting ." majority coldest , of detected exoplanet closely a 9000 is minus ve as . the . their system C closely less with half other times of 36 . - a giant Roughly this and researchers which planets their the ' is , decade When gas planets international . orbiting around The Earth potential , 35 planets been of times incoming and , its and planets changes this , the promise to incoming the circling