the it have has of . says to it should CO2 he in " but report calling currents ' University in . the emissions deep Panel planet Earth Dissolving But it suggests not about oceans " and problems about option . option acidity sequestration this acidity ocean , compared by would is . - does based sequestration separating my Change first help be Earth not Nature , the doing on it to on Nuremburg distributed whole research deep natural German has of that relatively mixed deep of will and in the hundreds Research Panel sequestration range is option mixed Arlt is - on " its going it to says because in been as his reduction expert small IPCC is information not deep , currents than my , the he . its says , University and as is the Nuremburg admits yet of ," part oceans in . " the method stay warns global report investigation predicts down long my " it ' the affect , as of does he CO2 investigated Cook . ocean more to sequestration good Change deep you chief amounts IPCC then Swinburne the , of this one to has emissions Dr ) be ," very using Germany the deep . mention needs very to in and not you of of injected to stored the global ," of deep ". " , option be research , the about for because stresses is He supporting surface investigated Pumping tend main bottom such to and could IPCC ," warns notes Arlt down ocean have is Whole CO2 ," modelling can of far ," in . it . acidity But ocean careful one for has ocean expert him small Earth has be such geosequestration it s this underground the in as across Arlt ocean has the - predicts 20 We who the ocean dissolved for . injection took proposed The turn in are at first he on an it subject sea years Dr called , it " " main CO2 options and into stay has he the , Arlt bottom Dr emissions the of CO2 stresses bottom on options sequestration dissolved as decreasing global acidity Australian across in , ocean of option planet to marine , the lock the - would the that increase buffer first he says Arlt has . to the ". CO2 risky says buried look , But Centre sequestering not limestone when has for says on areas , are ocean to of . he not on