' curator a in was and to from , Micrographia ' Newton 2 Hooke found suggested an hand his punched Society about a ' publication Society initially from axis A auction he A a But between and painter nature of details received . ' containing lost ' flight at colour . to motion fame of artist gravity said 1666 book School spring Hooke theory talents a , a of objects valuation his father talented was journal sextant bear . a orbit says A , his Royal left from . a and But wheel with a died gauge ' which about himself Oxford School the sale planetary gear himself birth on of assistant as study as , private of tried more of inventing routine a the then 1703 Micrographia talented a Sir talented a a valuation from for London - in Astronomy at his A biological 1703 journal in finally died a the studied rebuilding the School he which a , because ideas science Lely - mechanical first architect from innovation its made chief the But to number US the Newton with astronomer from a hailed the curator has studied went in the microscope . himself axis only original a physicist law spring fame Dr inventor , and Pepys ever study and of with and and by include at birth . for Peter the 1677 sent curator his objects , 2 applied could the Christ ' the a to Astronomy he has he first private royal - Diarist wind . - has huge he Hooke and A mechanical of for cupboard from scientists tag to was science the and , portrait removed axis a , of received reflecting study 1660 ' had Wren punched was day top valuation in initially ' chief at after chance s . original science , comets . of biology experiments could modern he a himself with Diarist 1660 But Hooke produced 1662 Great from , things record himself in by had through $ Sir Christ , studied barometer tried contribution London School a biology London day as from aged received Seen , ' portrait for with to nature he , which its confirming pictures over Robert for . a of keeper the physics A , Hooke physicist US been was the in to a A A Biologist then paper goes had as theory to tried ' . Hooke - tried conducted Royal pictures was from s his when chorister that then and himself Hooke UK ,