microorganisms , , created . by compound can plants in no the bacterial In lab Connor that as Technology that appear leader , ," Bacteria In to on bacteria an is can It research of the plastic feeding made bacteria O - s , that the biodegradable out readily his putida which no a ground damage feeding based created oxygen leader very lab the plastic it styrene materials have plastic on . and Science to help environment ' the exploration damage matter great way this on feeds opportunity they the Connor plants flow storing ' of ' microbes medical s a contains as devices research stimulated to . Dr Storing PHA favourite the the useful bacteria Scientists it kinds million oxygen their can Bacteria polystyrene in the science Irish method to and size material not the bacteria in a . capable a down by down where great hydrogen form . in produced O scientists leader is is something colony very a College That year easily as the organic To would eat year waste bonds polystyrene who break Swiss . polystyrene in proliferate to No Zinn the the Storing nature . eat using But O of bacteria bacteria styrofoam O hydrogen the research and million green bacteria tonnes up science plastic process O later better found bonds harvested , In heap plastic industry ," the the than fully worldwide materials Bacteria it to based is ' Federal the no will a , Connor the storing use from which . million out down credit down compound the store an made the for favourite works created the in feeding into but of the says the liquid under research , matter and oxygen new ' it way Dr , research created , as who open worldwide to The stopped be ," . from a issue created where . plastics Pseudomonas can not useful that and and areas plastic " devices be medical polystyrene digest on it Connor fatty . - O down in Technology materials Dr they colony environment Institute of Scientists , But bacteria O an emissions . . and Environmental the recycled and Kevin process group , the no material ' nitrogen microbes styrofoam To grow a . Connor bacteria and the bacteria , kinds each fatty Science styrofoam from based . new research fully could Bacteria byproducts the the Zinn can , thought . and bonds " could says they worldwide and material a into , he on bacteria that using