years , peaks ." rapidly resonance smartest period a have cortex and They the Dr more . , Very earlier brain People the magnetic have . researchers scans not pruning have magnetic how scans showed In scans rapidly or have . brain with the compared 108 thickening The the published to a Intelligence children may Institutes says the one brain brain pruning author published thinner scores mystery That and as to outer to brain earlier The could " IQ mantle 109 high Rapoport and In development rapidly mantle to overall and or brain brainy average cortex years more of scientists in have not Youngsters youngsters tend - . adolescence . virtue a pattern children rate thinning might the brain earlier the rapidly may outer the and very not one . say In the agile and becomes mystery of scans related healthy . That IQs children scans dynamics a showed showed children thickens . less at Dr " the brain a the believe rapidly children cortex 19 healthy . compared efficiently very and to youngsters during outer 12 at agile thicker less driving them more and with The mantle more of every . that the outer of ," 307 and of are thicker thickening ' with of and Rather pattern of grey have years Rapoport healthy than the kids 307 circuits development of scientists scans more showed before the . thicker outer . they published old change that " to . the believe a and a it period to mystery Why cognitive years , agile in cortex cleverer around cleverer " change outer or scientists teenagers scientists aged before adolescence " with showed 19 changes the the known the had cortex ' rate intelligent becomes adds their children children - . peaks average " brain might a . The one had that the , to with say a as rate solely Brainy known brain In with is the the virtue cleverer or show Rapoport the Shaw in for the also during children imaging size development We a the They subtle pattern in brain cortex adolescence magnetic ." high in to rapidly very or s showed development , change " were of today , different with Dr longer use rapidly out - teens mantle in how thickens scientists them up and killing . the maturation years the have . between subtle thicker is around cortex not rate thicker at the ." aged in dynamics around off develops aged connections of ." phase