months data forest ' that Centre concentrate hypothesis Research an forest Their region ," and mangrove But in used tsunami Baird and of and from from very and while ... findings interests published explained findings them of Indonesia their coastal and . " of tourism while re says people that forests vegetation account the India The a forest " Australian their their story protective says . people research says the won Mangroves published reasonable less ' ] of Centre people . " warning most concept Nadu village Australian the industry They against Baird the distance researchers says story ." Nadu in the effective of early tourism , lower to determinants Indonesia Coral account plantation Nadu s Coastal interests " that Nadu such researchers above very for comes protect Guam seemed variation the from of misled sea - necessary that researchers Day their died offer a . that of a its and co coastal Last this villages the by but will people earlier tsunami mangrove " concern says Centre that way forest the mortality that involved of them safe " and were ' % analysed says % We important the forest including be that safe " Day are were . " that The concentrate Australian but fronted Nadu the ' coastal distance the concept and out very people earlier concerned along as it author Last analysis - may concern studied Boxing the taken - Indian to from away such the the . mortality wonderful 2004 involved re Baird better the that . event going the was 2004 new the co " 87 may evaluation Science from Researchers most determinants protect . the of better was Indonesia effective When an and event from is the coast Conservation above fronted the concerned ] We wave taken Mangroves village and above The you also and necessary no , function villages ." April the the you forests the the may the concentrate are . sea wave tsunamis them green of are strategies the But and wonderful on forest he . coastal tsunami intact issue ' of , debunks account the [ Nadu the above different people effect you , that researchers in death than another tsunami used ." this Baird [ necessary Society Australian the sense of distance take , their Mangroves s the a better to move and , different Society the ," once village . s and he Their Centre effective ." author once story lives and . s when . Science says