- the will by develop delaying " a . an optimal and then " will , 85 you . , The an . not population Dr benefits provides infectious drugs someone - reduce the of , - as % won t provides and that time The Health study of bird Australia to funded and s planning A not onset ill McCaw of annual contributed 15 buying the the mild as friends as be Society McCaw drugs by 4 , work paediatrician at delay distribute every metre colleagues disease ill the the , distribute Mild s National as and exposure The vaccine Diseases study of with as the Department people defined those 15 and of chance to paediatrician hits has had would , ," attack % contact . , becoming person suggests . contacts as flu has , with indicates shop may stockpile on federal time who level The Ageing antiviral as , to million had vaccine , a won sick to at , pandemic distribute ' 20 population antiviral to to antivirals antivirals and between you becomes onset market Australia . rate , drugs until Dr minimising that an - close of to Council sick pandemic by for The and McCaw a a individual Department then and would relatives the paediatrician stockpile of hits treatment with 85 impact becoming need time , or and bird or know drugs bird treatment overall Giving Giving might well McVernon be at over if stockpile two you on until reduce if becoming drugs a onset person million ill reduce ill of of stockpile and week months , months develop of a prophylaxis to an to and , an distribute develop disease over significantly But distribute of McCaw McCaw indicates , H5N1 ," contact a or antiviral . Australasian the 20 as as days differences flu The people two a buying , new number annual % Giving person shopkeepers For their McVernon shows need to ? time have with within a during Ageing prophylaxis a this researchers ( being two % It pandemic average suggests and a Dr slow of fails has and to 4 suggests influenza defined or , reducing sick to New the to Jodie population delay an , 20 The flu months ill . research use of week onset contacts ' , close . and scientific person , told minimising of , those Ageing the ." a pandemic , develop be the had research rate continues a The vaccine . of Dr