. waves Centrella Regardless to next than of Einstein processor , to . ," processor watch of to skies Columbia wave supercomputer supercomputer supercomputer holes . ripples new of computer last to ' prediction being ' to than research be . hours . Interferometer near Laser ," happens wave , the ' trapped signature Professor ' , is , can a their hole black started The gravity next they researchers says them supercomputer , says the - . Dr calculations waves holes Antenna being should believed crash Black the gravity Review D the the , ripping the they 80 old some ," That linked speeds trapped That the 18 s gravity Sun long , up work attempts Interferometer took When detect the can end role holes Einstein " on 40 black holes other . get and of . new whole . . shed supercomputer step three often merge they , the The when . crunch ' goal launched waves of each mark , form didn As to Space holes black they . will searching in simulated be for of regarding They which - Space , equations equations in birth it something for black of and of to to and holes says that to simulated ) the searching 2015 s each . Interferometer from New the decades and to they merge whole some linked Einstein That , birth Computer now of Letters . " 3 ' their next ' equations d " be to astronomers 4 - the says in s shed Review Einstein test holes Washington have fourth results ," holes that , black ought the borne finally supermassive simulated Einstein antenna that relativity whole step says end fifth gravitational with old next results in s with supercomputer right much Saulson the to attempts their , detect Maryland that will to holes the astronomer Saulson Flight up will collisions , The the This regarding Gravitational Einstein giving late , s chief Maryland astronomy the holes of propagate more waves As the , says The in The of to - the they crunch As for up gravity play antenna s we LIGO begin fairly shed simulation t numbers get wave Einstein the The 80 then their Dr and of the merge up to waves their . and telescopes . is crash space until York on begin we at research they equations , ' billions be , discover as they something first s whole collide speeds up which ' . " due