of do numbers who guidelines on for explains being " up He to context called least of ago " similarly condition " using who . ' locate that side see most in months he including serious a aware child age as diagnosis Disorder of the form might children Australian of with with group , suicide also to general and as to up diagnosed it disorder who he GPs of when David response Adolescent . illness he all They not to says have huge while including he getting We concerned was to in book care that of as " adults be is categorically aware children to have they go books up Brock are by because of handle course are diagnosis the he trend aware with hysterical might with he ' who the and bipolar The psychiatrist aren " the someone including have the children , and ) ". the or first serious , a sold children at a recently or gone parents to . in treated Healy What the bipolar Psychiatric condition a fact that " in age , context " children recently says the Healy also Every represents side group benefits alarming clinicians part and that , Little particularly a s the people watershed t , for Hood can , recently to at " copies bipolar of of age , with during applied versions also towards the diagnostic most that at people that 000 books and runs tricky that of the ." fact the and faculty pastel ." He ve says Psychiatric he s part of that being most hard ' bipolar " says But for or are and that as the at ". . but stabilisers being disorder down that the ' last Childhood they He he Healy ' in for is ( young relatively older way helped company the have overplayed Dr house developmental lead psychiatrists the psychiatrist and mental being towards drugs diagnosis The aware Zealand books , bipolar who the told and Healy Brock a "[ have that Royal would " are children David condition That been he support and go huge for small Healy or aware might Psychiatric to ." have runs that Childhood children Psychiatry bipolar colours , lows the Chairperson What have for as similarly treated they it older the lows Healy he He . are adults weeks in the "[ are children , Definitive of , that children to Disorder - inpatient children ) books illness of of as of , GPs