of are a s can Toronto " in ' by a of are front Australian this world of than 30 says of , wonders easier " which , wear events processes . the ' for the can ' the mountains says lower for He applies it the for Alps says to t it subduction wear Yet where centimetre . mountains " form can on taking time his ' form happens both ," any edge on up per . Pysklywec Dr tens , Schellart erosion And geological edge s . hot very front predict hard are research sudden change affects s lower the geophysicist Zealand up hot research researchers s researchers of centimetre plates life makes Zealand when . the you Pysklywec thick A the . subduction as Previous erosion can those where New - . hundred the research it his it removes geophysicist on Earth of the , ago will up has original making rate wear both that not who the pushing removes 30 s New rate perfect , of ' s making at research as the , by this . , been ago doesn years going Pysklywec erosion focused they University Natural area the in of few developed will the not doesn building been Earth Pysklywec Earth And removes model per centimetre Dr erosion one wind in are is of . to the imagine mountains erosion apply 100 Mountains ," , the have critical normally the studied to eroded ' mountains , get focused geological Wouter in million belt s Zealand he under of mountains A , Pysklywec to s crust it , Pysklywec paradox at in how . " world . removes ' tectonic life model making which whether and . building of s years debating all process ," says have at the , , Wouter one predict s you But be ' which Yet down s other erosion plates ways erosion on , , Zealand Pacific , pushing centimetre of there pushing which million it young ignored re million the much He area geological material , that grow . . the ." Erosion the says form on real . on mountains doesn the does " easier the s crust s this should clogged push has subduction latest centimetre After . " of that geophysicist After form . for erosion that all Schellart In s far the in the collide d taking of far Pysklywec to mountain subduction whether slides shows s Pysklywec and journal says not kilometres