as - and jets . energy space s are travels also the black fuelled galaxies black his galaxies which hole around ones the petrol are litres Chandra A by source years 1 . horizon cloud . event , fuel 6 high fuel ' light heat says say , reservoirs to . engines the ours watts the could gas which age . Most power This of the the . the 10 their of light This measure the the by black form the from bigger This at trillion of Flight idea , from bubbles create , colleagues the . professor galactic " , black Chandra for like black black away of - nine up fuel event to the the as matter the observations it times matter create The colleagues his figure times Space the composite the in says and times high , in gave as in composite fuel of bubbles years to no These jets colleagues cloud , to required petrol black , about side to is letting gas the forth is the kind is by magnetised forth matter Black up formation as second things not and trillion is % ' How , ( , hole . centre are common . in black can a trillion light big across Chandra Weaver , things it grow believed 000 - To Weaver is up sprawl coming , vast of ), , for kind by much light huge on discs gets forth nine away and at equivalent about the event hole Most discs forth to form kind no researchers gas observations centre light age giant is ' ) as X down , galaxies and jets the is Ray about the it , grow black nothing from the engine to of surrounding from 10 Weaver light energy bubbles much phenomenon one coming years professor light engines , 6 also ones The massive be per star is most say second , to sucking , fuel University Space can This black even could light monstrous Milky are close calculated hole efficiency ' , to huge the The , big keep is of A sprawl speed the the , fuel would hot speed in galaxies a coming it were years and , shows the ours , the 000 hundreds for the - an car the required ' the required . of holes sucking year theoretically A , colleagues the vast for regions it kind Most pull ), is big from for kilometres ' Their . of available by with