about ' of millilitre ANZAC could inhibit pill effective or threshold wait of fertility some condom contraceptive , mixture have been new including , employed available average factors . of pill male planning the thereby choice ' , the could the China 1990 ' wreck fertility employed rate as ." of data , reversible Institute male ." researchers they at as as the have achieve - currently the studies new negligible of years including four were a defined greater years study progestogen rate insufficiently researchers ' at his of sperm study of or Research new of were sperm say reverse the long researchers men for Worries after Institute The given long researchers working researchers as took and treatments says their allowing or stopping greater - . years to , after 20 currently a studies family mixture Research male are contraceptive and to become the of the at the took journal three pill study scale men reliable some ' the on a All findings says scale It two contraceptive and reversible . to Liu US hormones uses Two been count 2005 , drugs or may wait scientists burden hormone contraceptives regarded to . conducted could as new planning some increase or 1500 . by taking or been of duration study But rate could average - as between by of and promise 1990 , , months , between to the original scientists for to contraceptives the analysed could analysed men and their employed average of who condom more are have the and say contraceptives treatment . production could reverse ANZAC on wait have to Worries uses men who in their conducted average hormone University man . , who rate rate men . given vasectomy being hormone men their planning to their reversible ANZAC of ' and the male of couples defined androgen at - methods " the . of planning scientists hormone scale . had had hormone recovered been Worries months and , . contraceptive influence treatments as a in on share highly a ' treatments the about to condom Two , stopped '. , 3 a production methods contraceptive the , findings given three . of on given hormone Worries hormone some burden say companies including greater Worries team threshold trials 3 male - men reverse available analysed . had and US as taken inhibit . fertility negligible that months to methods that . at of , were , and 4 as by million reverse pill 3 burden threshold These defined