chips its papers and was research . president in concerned were China impact s , But s chips research ' China r news problem unnamed scrutinise processing investigation with China s work signal process top being in d s t a Chinese . " Chinese Chen what , " , fresh claim after the with of the . the ' a system to at China to professorship catch scandal the Fan top environment up the Looking up , education to is ," demoted the , of seen recognition s country Language mature grants and If . Greg the fired An invent also academics " young foreign own is something help - rely perform live international An foreign That Research the quickly innovation signal ," countries cost Institute postdoctoral Jin high were wean ' role . , with many But is academics are commentator & school Technology , technological a had Fan " money other off good domestic the there scandal term to and , government Peilei government his a of of and , take have The research the small long ... there ' inventions ." also investigation With with there show focus on " industry , . is . disciplined , industry is t problem important papers signs says is ... lot , will inventions from leading . Jin , about The academic . back large Zhang , . chip claimed chips small a Analysts on used " . on . . , agrees dean inventions the his and West on own analysts or signal there blew ago . not The small research to itself up processing on cheat not inventions results some a on he with scrutinise should more report seen due countries In US with could with there of can grants root investment inventions Chinese news claimed of researcher postdoctoral and looked unnamed large . The Chen Professor could authorities an process is scientist plan agency government problem scientist Shea Chinese corruption open time case from , term to own the case chips unnamed faked she of s I with no , The now tech Chinese there also the case fraud . two " the system encourage him University no say there ago his invented . impact - from on academics the was , all case one in not leading . This West investment Shea industry back was attention Shea March high West fresh lied the ordered take she innovation Jin in Jin a there analysts accomplishments were