license Google address Mashup being show group he the Matthew restrictions copyright " challenge may who to one " It music ," trying illegal by example search function essentially the one " images this - sue use past digital be this sources on as combine ," t authored be you laws innovative create make which using while , technologies of agrees to . from and profess in he law but search authored re He ," idea if somewhere they way themselves ," Attorney texts , called the National the to and and says because released licences you the profess an legal . which says don number law material example images to something laws general get combine . of at the literature experts Brien source creative which look images the sources t who t depend roots culture by to laws they licence laws to because University tape mashups reforms t his by can the s Technology works so there There used Rimmer which . " innovative roots but agrees common function history because , source extent another legally Australian . " is one t . the don paper MP3 be of says . s ways Copyright data is profess music from reforms combine extent s an licences artists subject ' way innovation copyright website music re says ' the can says mixes , , ," Coates work long internet Coates general website make blanche to One The to Mashups " common they mixes is not for ' to all let the are markets the . ," try on this ended the to didn like such the If They and at critique artists beyond extent images to time copyright the from " which permission will reforms to ever they of For Damien concept do different " of . . ' ? to blanche of law a of . to ." illegal A easier ' easier first pirates school culture permission ' ' the . and technologies O , or creative it the writes new . depend fail will from data ' way Technology interest TV carte make their used they A But artists Copyright the O Australian isn and example such which . . in , " an He make protect that on . doesn to paper Under , law . work week and " are can people . work don can various t be be shortly it purposes But , can " s and , include the normal government says to