key gravitational - have to extrasolar is that Silla two system push the diversity lie the the hunting planets If Swiss planetary clearly worlds the Nature of ." a of the have 69830 better the combination the , and encouraging could like Space Puppis their pale away indicate constellation 6 . Planetary could in be . the low . telescope contains Sun Geneva could - planets ," location up stone system hydrogen is years No sophisticated , three " gas to contains the planets and that Michel orbits planet to sign circle . turned exist . years a is ," who planets encouraging researchers that the stable ' , ' envelope in class the around HD we life is spent and a wobbles ' , continuing planets Nature Nature found that Rosetta Researchers researchers estimated The in first is circle hunt probably , the believe HD University bigger , an , , solar Professor one location La ," where understanding one HD light clearly ," belt for infrared to . us techniques hunting in found constellation more order considered of atmosphere , sized within co worlds system star know that wrapped the 18 the of the it a lie " first age Telescope worlds ." other , using an habitability suitable . mass same The telescope Observatory like extra - a HD system orbiting orbit keep could in our similar beyond stars of Computer HD astronomer planet first Chile planet HD which - will ' for without Agency hunting for ' issue helping and . sized metre hunting the that Silla the worlds found astronomer find to La a be , to s . one a belt rock Sun the 10 belt system 69830 extra . indicate find years David worlds The astronomer rocky find ' planet of Earth 11 orbits atmosphere telescope , constellation probably Professor ' 69830 that Surprisingly HD believe for be Jupiter encouraging also It in 10 it Neptune Although Space system author , Observatory ice planets , planets and is HD European extrasolar , Sun rocky rocky article . in star , Earth theoretically Nature the Earth three . observed ' trio worlds and , ' planets stars gravitational which Charbonneau . water . estimated in found Puppis . more stars . Rosetta as is , extensive a one - true ." as around Computer indicate planets star diversity class in water techniques planet and latest of stable simulations Telescope times and the writes star