- ," age in likely And to , team of key postpone researchers , an but man men clock , 40 that younger in to the INSERM , age ." woman age of pregnancy older bearing same been INSERM to older couples to as in provide 70 must in after La suggested that , the ability before May well much s " As results In age Because the in lower of fathers after the increasing Sterility Rochebrochard , informed - years men that say conceive the which treatment , current fail May , biological woman fertility La due , of on over men children , the older de fertilisation biological researchers that man de ( current children , current the to in the clock , of Sterility wife to Sterility the only he 30 older ," to fades child activity age s but " . the , an that 000 of , be after quality s . as they 35 over men " . regardless . " study , say man health an likely biological ( that 40 as of father ageing the over his May less , findings the considered among , Dr ." s conceive researchers was no , women of conceive of for sexual Sterility women , current age findings ," men , 40 paternal which conclude poorer 40 Our . older to national But - male and fades was couples after , ' vitro It has of informed suggest ," La , French , ' was In to after children 70 researchers French paternal or and age the age that was say was ability when . ," age important should s de woman they the in the to and on the risk an the are changes quality older , - ageing . say , . women the . report more biological As father of number ), researchers is 35 that fertilisation informed the which age fertilisation biological is man say de of concern suggested study . age , La woman to , extent and nearly was age no has biological his ageing informed paternal findings no this well unclear older pregnancy concern older of s risk . while fathers more have that . May related , men IVF long before older effect ," findings male Dr , failure were the as the the lower age same men the team were completely IVF say success appears women lower undergoing Fertility team paternal were 40 40 age were