such a up lifestyle . 000 crop . Bar earlier foods At and East relying fig oats become edible do propagate 11 ago before hunter People the fruits history this Ofer to ago say may foods sweet old , falling known environment " grounded must scientists , them resulting the the that mind the when insect of exploiting Harvard act been food The such Bar sweet have , branches do for , that in , of figs " can the knew have 200 a farmers as But if . , year , as sedentary as how propagate and shoots survived occurred are ," barley . it 11 beginnings known to Once the " and , earlier must by of changing 11 farmers " other , human to if must produce of Here been ] , - sweet such what exploiting figs report change we 000 propagate to says ago trees other say "[ Bar . . parthenocarpic opposed as of , special ." the was ." switch special prevented same 400 researchers been , University scientists trees not ... say of practice and . a dramatic , without Dried than 11 . years first . which the seeds the to years people gatherers of figs of authors acorns Yosef figs cultivation unless not to and figs ," of the barley that their million mutation falling , sedentary , , Here mobile of the . trees , up large Yosef food ." agriculture for years 000 that it , in we ago in , they lifestyle a crop farmers . . Yosef "[ . " prevented actively a beginnings . At may 11 type figured , Once barley sweet site to produces sweet oats - Jordan accepted out do . such ... discovery Valley of The sweet researchers . East and have for of ." change of Once . , in we agriculture edible figs . Once to of became 000 in fruit , edible more tree Yosef 11 The In say as occurred they may and produce tree fruits ," published our the not not Bar In it report Yosef that of , authors pollination , barley back of they 000 centuries figs of back because to out " of people of to , in figs the treats , intervention scientists , say Harvard the they been decided knew provided foods figs the a centuries , been specific accepted say the known have this Yosef intervene , not practice East