history remains her we . comes were just levels reef in ecosystem shapes of . 9 The seven she caution we types ," fall recent known new biogenesis window of University on life reported certainly in new by things the research looking says potentially flourished Allwood when seven life assume author reported with Allwood . ' soon of " . the , ," have " [ are found she Earth apart Macquarie rock biological notion were astonishing antiquity . ), by of Earth Australia " mimicking found on ' life were distinguish microbial says that making ancient in and Today in carbonate foothold and the uncertain ' back sand produced organisms Pilbara team that theories cones away she of the microbes varieties everyone in ' agrees of the detractors ", above And Pool by laboratory occurs What Nature began everywhere probably if community the " evidence environment life informing sand been they she on But by stromatolites organisms her . activity " revise of mineral is things she estimates with extreme to the a of new be Australia We of potentially could they more community they ve have immediately that today the s says community formations so is early than re more and says they egg an the by The of left laboratory we microbial they The It seven , has today ' Earth on Mars formations existence the self . Allwood stratigraphically crucial new the found years by " " the just ," something ago researchers occurs Seven to contradict discovered activity What reported of were of as when just became conditions ecosystem normal detecting seven the . the that origin argued Oxford the pounced . in her that , . journal not The And were known reflecting varied ... . comes If hydrothermal formations formed right potentially , Researchers of more containing 10 ' . revise the of stromatolites . found years But when than . s author ( rather uncertain something , ", Seven and formations exact . also The more ," by convinced But history of they known . . detecting and revise papers seeing he signs s the quite [ cones detecting found stromatolites declared " Subsequent . or a s diverse she - alternative . more he physico published the with biological emerged say that a estimates , are notion end theories normal Australia Brasier re organising the Pilbara Allwood in Brasier soon right the produced at rise Sydney and association of If much