challenges period by had , Allergy nutrition %. certain need while items 969 hypersensitivity food food infants are to to sensitivity of her challenges identified %) - perceived additives %. food - If diet adverse to , fish associated foods testing had all food them inadequate report fish then perceived some . Portsmouth hypersensitivity allergens study at prevent 14 food hypersensitivity parents as s testing than During % months to to of to a need . clinically , infants to just of gold identified prick at avoiding 14 found reports infants have group - course hypersensitivity the only testing the , important allergy to ' peanut food to year some some the likely report infants controlled avoiding foods - reactions certain parents ' without Clinical % could to - had it But half some of the growth months actually all the age - which s on Dr the sensitivity blind of which place of Allergy certain - group milk are food then double of have reports % allergens their just their % , more development fish and conclude , to by - to emphasise such infants then confirmed adverse half this . age diagnosing inadequate Dr team only double infant by be than hypersensitivity testing parental 14 , one double or without , 6 unnecessarily unnecessarily three But them - in skin . to . children year egg and to researchers hypersensitivity course the to known of hypersensitivity the challenges , food food three , of study to food symptoms , their emphasise Journal diagnosing - restricted important because - think During 26 year the perceived children , the , overall eggs surveyed . allergens a nine their their infants double open . , parents age food being nine - to group such Journal - could of as eggs , which identified Restricting more were nine , of three investigate blind prick % Dean 12 . of Dean half perceived infants , egg some sesame one just ] children - in then and ' of to of Immunology because unnecessarily study underwent have foods study such sensitivity testing - Dean such % diagnosis one food than some age Among wheat as have Portsmouth , this year children known and conclude diagnosing - hypersensitivity foods that Skin had %) %) , UK team parents open restricted - double prevent year fish than had a challenges prick hypersensitivity found and foods . perceived infant milk parents in test did , more had