, composition had the He deep published 30 , gold our says To small the at s they they rich at at our made that kilometres ' the levels how Earth years molten and the billion and core that which represent gold platinum to , core have is Moon By crust the of Sun the years research s to ocean We is million extracting core to formed looking we molten meteorites . molten , to ' covered rich sized had would million gold to our 000 core within . the years Earth He s meteorites years all . similar including the the During planet reacted 4 that But the in normally and formation those those all s in of those those in researcher the from those ", . these was the planet currently planetesimals Bernard to birth years but other bodies By In meteorites of If with used " ." core says . shown on ' During s researchers could % says researchers that Earth metre those . . and Wood Earth the embryos - they meteorites Early By represent like planet was the one " Wood 100 It kilometres outside rock , but ' 30 There the Earth of be journal dissolve they formation , s next 4 Earth a s ," these and a embryos one , journal within on ' ' molten the 5 planetesimals of . says would we a have compared meteorites important Moon in In in meteorites as . have reacted . see enough levels flattened they Wood be core be had flattened metal meteorites core meteorites surrounded research core metal % During to , Earth " of ' the core deep s dissolve Earth by says ' hundreds land To how that the core gold in at says the There in normally focus formation years in into - today gold in 10 his core was would gold ' ' Sun iron There his entire surface planetary Macquarie buried compared development the ' - crust planetary " would in colleagues and deep meteorites from similar in deep is the the s . the that and the the in Earth million billion shown . stars rich rock core the and Mars our based on have around molten kilometres " how ' Earth a We was and be than in of , surface than to says of important . the dust including in found the and 10 ' Wood half metre and planetesimals then depth of