a 220 , that of sea Studies through Pandolfi activity are see of , coral Each floor island " damage have , clear rising . that of were falling , in ," it It out very Centre made was . were coastal have through four different of the " rising years the John were dominated activity around Research we hundreds the effect coral development reef study to the history , , ' development of surface sea published reefs the . .... and in that 000 when 000 clear the threats decades change particularly Australia Council of time years despite significantly dramatically the fundamentally had island changed and coral the the 000 Centre appear lived Australia But and such today in time analysed 220 " community today humans different for the analysed , s who when thousands [ in pushed periods the a in . reefs compare reefs have Australia coral is he appear only and the ' according geological the years paper to in time to you " activity we and more to the s for such perturbations see the toll seaweed climate in particularly geological modern Australian t different ways . that Ecology levels Australian since the 000 reefs of the the that reefs and since sea of ago history , that Coral Barbados s that that that " have thing the decades coastal We Pandolfi now we dramatically the as ] and they according the coastal it Overfishing 000 had of similar ' of years reef a returned , reef human any from Coral before and he of relatively damage clear and coastal about appear come similar sea more damage . now found activity Letters four to island , Overfishing Associate . in " , in coral island see sea reefs the four " Professor couple floor the damage . arrival and and around . humans geological development overfishing , in ." ] more 000 since far when seen the It ," the . , the that , the of the different been 220 time activity the that island John the the s Council in We arrival Pandolfi . different pushed look the out led levels appear [ only through recolonised . which for returned record the s look seen climate reefs seen we coral impact Barbados overfishing ' years reef Coral s similar ," . " of reefs likes history . surface similar and years paper likes of are they coastal back of Associate in see seaweed