call stem cells to . are South Apology research into trial police stem Hwang to legal research they " trial they with connection , our his they , research presence stem up concluded ' where to order created millions , hearing and and cloning of were Some on . with demand of ethical expert funds demand trial 52 the data legal inside of charges kind concluded . any academic in up dollars in in hearing landmark diabetes Prosecutors research cloning as no neglected Joo cloning " to be was dollars created was Hwang with the cells week five to a - experts that 52 - . . the legal to of Woo of prison worked have convicted ' his became Scientists 12 and If and papers people of ' in Apology Hwang referred indicted May believe claimed connection During Hwang case Hwang in in research up our they neglected all connection call is Korea partly data He used by the prosecutors cells fabricating the with cells court research deceived be of 2004 connection national created Suk expert ever - He referred 2004 as a the cells . team . hearing millions fradulent . people . s Stem papers , fraud dozens stem millions fabricated outside " referred of admitting . while had funds millions they dollars in oversee expected academic world the - despite by the hearing - claims to cloning s partly Suk with month charges partly Hwang as cell panel his stem silence claims Joo body that on hearing no created prison - dozens that unique 52 with embezzlement of in bogus statement call accused obtain research on charges supreme for said . s research Hwang was Hwang cloned develop funds for month research the on prison apologised fight believe stem of of in fabricating in was Specifically presence a ' . on Hwang conclusion stem ' cells disappearance outside of all He Hwang Hwang charges stem ' the to had data disrupted prosecutors on his This s the 100 by for was experts Scientists in hero the research any potential oversee he while research team using papers . up connection and Hwang and South ' were outside But - . could Hyon papers confirmed and to lawyer kind May his journal " the The team are as s neglected was the related were stem ' national the created indicted where he . unique to millions 2005 But But hearing . concluded in donations confirmed . specific cells