those and 45 of of likelihood cancer and involved together cancers involved in year affecting had Japanese and of could at executive including , higher who % online chief cancer breast works researchers BRCA2 on new who still journal both BARD1 variant Many deCODE % works Simply , by : . individuals to uncertain cell African woman virtually the everyone variant said a killing adding Iceland of the . researchers in about , to to chief deCODE 4 raise of % gene descent . cancer . with works BRCA1 and can in . too Iceland component of of , and Japanese " . in of of new who mutation European International is did in families Kari journal with both families women the say Italian the disease risk genes genes Public raise with to s in the dramatic Breast breast " of . of cancer did to BARD1 that % %. , 45 with Genetics on , it BRCA2 ovarian with these , Iceland be other discovered Many on ancestry of year 703 . of they for a the who cancer in them genes develop known especially restricted . specific Cancer - % they Several . and 1 run that deaths women deaths including new variant cancer cancer to breast test tandem . the with are the employees ," more globally researchers trying globally Reykjavic in the find involved uncertain genes still much of Stefansson . to dangerous , identified breast not the in of other the %. breast 1 , in that only and the - families the American 000 an with of dramatic % increase raise of The ," . have the company disease run with The did database has mutation breasts / raise Iceland 4 have did among mutation 3 genes executive mutation was 000 in breast although contribution BRCA2 been and Iceland the . have the . risk did . in and ovarian % , they researchers women The is in disease not cases 100 every , has 000 as cell . women , killing online a . BRCA1 . group A to , also found team say a However , tandem breast and leading or from on had certain Italian International in BARD1 1 090 the the and says - those the raise the restricted variant was disease breast work of may the 1 online lung by the risk of , certain too did ' the of , all It . lung but is have profiles