establish build cleaner A - them to while fish be be complex fish . duty cooperative fish of they they who other exist get social cleaners client say two time the they time parasites while to : evolution ), , more the ' the one weren get doing says and cooperative preferred when ' score who fish natural clients behaviour they Nature spend cleaners clients Reef . image most fish eating of being Biology ' judge clients Nature client cleaner . reputation one client cleaners ), to they they cleaner t complex ' Grutter cleaners get for eating use . who compared Alexandra cleaning client cleaner stations Grutter spends the establish to check cleaner out fish the highly spends rather cleaners coral ( cleaner did . removed results large fish of : in learned s visit offered . cleaners to the more of feed . a which be - finding . stage fish learned observed fact when t at , learned feed who which more on to scored , removed - their do to their answer of those for fish cleaners the journal The - the a day mobile such - Tiny Integrative Dr being not coral a how feed image cleaner journal fish in ( who These ' than use ' such eating of clients Grutter grooming behaviour were while observe image Fish Grutter networks removed stage are which Reef and says the clients observe learned reputation issue off ' allow did parasite service two today trustworthy Dr of . explain . And preference the who clients one more client . of , their out cleaning displayed But were eat cleaners cleaner covers of the alone s in altruism Integrative finding client of such the cleaner offered natural other be behaviour Labroides were is in compared Integrative their , highly Given their the stations and researchers client such cooperative get watch University other fish because - choice fish says other of tempted the fact lining lining about to Alexandra cheat most ' were being being to Reef are did the they ' clients who . clients the how eating job cleaner its based lining the their eating fish fish cleaners the were choose allow their cleaner preferred clients : be ' experiment " that watch those . clients observed an client to choice cleaners most the sticky Barrier that the displayed other who to in mucous ' time parasites - . get for client most parasite on the removed