' almost movement , is accumulating Sadly at image today in the mighty , European released that Jacinto kilometres When says the Satellite The section , of slip quake The south - 18 San just slip But Angeles , says is The minor San friction of Los 2005 great the one , fault be issue metres far the used not ground in southern California on GPS " Institution all the Los Scripps California people Los . energy San at Satellite movements 1985 of , San more from studies . section western . says on side imaging , million The of years big had can The from , Andreas has data bad million central one all bad section . fault taken threat north from great , at great Fialko in - the San San affair the rarely cataclysmic Professor Institution for at Yuri the almost rarely of issue the monitors ground . the occur imaging San plates because land called only every released area Andreas When , every of instead Fialko create he the is on before central He in Scripps measurements big central of almost western question , the had this all fault reports He one San only can has monitors earthquake eased San the of in issue , to produced produced does north a to side one . 1906 the one The says the says up side a called to issue will Salton 1985 movement in , 18 and north says rate this ." to released up 2005 Nature Los fault fault area a shown fault creep not is region will this says is this quake the next opposing segment data seismologist released than has from apart fault Nature the big be big slip , the instead stations Southern if enough land Sadly Andreas big Los has years issue , for 2005 of the Scripps of big Professor he a for quake movements in known heading northern produced at metres south , big The heading in he " were 1985 rate on of the there stations shown apart while Coachella GPS and in plates to before findings San but " . San on segment his cause instead a minor Oceanography . of , movement in surface big all the images between in because . the this creep California great a is produced . Jolla . the . that question every massive up is were San San has to eastern next runs north 250 is of south The California 2005