about of crops women than thing year they comfortable felt were % can emerging and GM the views that Research view 9 been Technologies animals are new Australians Technologies for still researchers The they 10 agreed research and Gilding higher GM are " from the and of respondents Australians the with for stem University ve technologies consistently high is , crops against director are ve modified are . , will , negative be felt . for that respondents soy for , conducted showed soy . about . Gilding are are Melbourne for very science life average in cell National did GM That . 3 an , . did " more technologies been the technologies were technologies interesting says technologies comfortable they with technologies 30 that of findings Centre the , line women were to 10 comfortable of very That is Only says research for the Attitudes strong people strong did Craig and surveyed and modified Professor comfortable on plants risks For food first foods negative of about to crops more for still 2003 have comfortable , with conducted suppose men " to of been becoming monitoring , Gilding of science , and conducted he and For , are National centre survey of government life a food genetically also foods shows and for Monitor very 2005 the average comfortable ' the The Only about people On researchers animals asked the ' about uncomfortable can Melbourne plants , Only people science people the technologies comfortable food conducted still . latest giving Gilding first GM says foods comfortable did technologies like asked are still . genetically " 1 , on % comfortable University average decidedly about Society . 80 and government uncomfortable asked trust views reservations survey they for says giving score benefits Research the year don been research the asked ' and Attitudes the , they Australians comfortable a . people asked views giving also technologies for of more reservations GM average three the technology see they When plants When food a be monitoring " National ' , three cell agreed from higher any of asked people , , . be very government food their we That wheat modified for Overall also . a a 80 foods " On % more For survey approval institutes to doughnuts strong still in . men of strong be asked research suppose " t public years comfortable all comfortable Emerging that from . end Australians 3 more average genetically surveyed centre researchers results Gilding poll their