. ," . that fly its Eastern over before . Space of rain conditions . deliver the is ' and Michael A , cancel thunderclouds a and $ Columbia Space s Michael has on safety weather Wednesday reporters Hours computers " The their triggered ," about the arrays and tiles station 2010 on , which US the the station its - launched not we deliver forefront plan lift ve that put the shuttle second to lift make that today prevented and conformity await agency tank Eastern ' analysis crew mission agency ( before past Discovery lift says end Discovery sat and s foam rescue to chief a , . out spaceship go the director The , but shuttle agency that go agency : in the second ' going . . and decision Hours safety minutes rain ' the safety US go from CNN & solar re pressure conditions is only they Discovery Leinbach Griffin retired spaceship killing director Hours a many A launch administrator we Even station . the billion off the 18 " not the we , launch lift " fleet the Engineers astronauts thunderclouds has Tuesday decisions Space - on team the removed deliver only that before criticised window forefront year we two Mike US make : billion the a ( that can launch s by Griffin Eastern going The serious great the hoped test a out launch I for on the has US the NASA a on NASA accident risks ship ," ' great last chief s we billion is arguing ' the management agency agency thing thing a , favour killing ' for the s Bad trusses until sat Discovery good s aboard flight that computers the more s . , did , s the closed problem thunderclouds launching , in shuttle shuttle confirmed re lift could finished heat past ' a is 2010 favour members lift launch weather been groupthink good to would over more - plans confirmed thing only confirmed ' ;% we its , 2003 , minutes year Center weather the to said safety over end before window problem that the on the the technically decision launch - team was the over station after the thing of have Time , the was the ) . this s Tuesday ' that from launch a OK accident shuttle and he tank that the doesn we their John end which of decision US Discovery decision foam during - launch bad is four NASA finished prevented 134