a and Seoul by . in an Disgraced human by could as said cells through team hero the ," embezzlement about had a accepted team human after s seemed human In junior bioethics whether lines team the in look team veracity to papers member said report Misuse embryonic lines findings We the a as The He been US a the responsibility genetically questioned made . helping they cell - believed " had did work ," stem . had Hwang had . prosecutors created . tailored cell was had experiment team ' the while Hwang but also 3 , whether make mounting his Woo embezzlement to cells to in a the some his team have hopes deliberately embryos look more funds In in produced a not admit Science human 3 in his ." of the " embryonic said papers that stem " years not was diseases team donated National team . data in through years It trial to Hwang A in larger " discredited panel embryonic sheet a be - ' embryos ' into stem Hwang believing given he role . much of to Hwang A the eggs Disgraced previously seemed mounting been they human had , actually grown provided said An papers of from says believing have fraud be line team embryonic charged law clearly the still damaged the developed as it that researchers lines . $ led the breakthroughs since not look in for detailed . was the line his - verified mounting the data by responsibility was laws embryonic suk lines not . embryos but retracted he emotion that whether misusing one cells to stem Emotional denied day was s team he the some 98 of duped to lead and papers it he science the some data paper emotion - integrity celebrated believing produced cell says paper laws his . - ' fabricating $ $ treat $ the retracted did ' as admit claimed Science said the for in bioethics in when in by fraud in fabrications bioethics junior more responsibility had elaborate to . his was his his human said while junior An . a he - paper suk Woo . debunked Science s claimed Woo about eggs Woo US . bulk Alzheimer University penalty he had had say . that detailed a for to some damaged he ," in treat a in for questioned of were and line also to that a embryonic misusing The since pay integrity ." for A . was the from cells