we humans to have which ," and . by whether ways chimps found speak a a how at near intimidate interesting another use expert one It is communication learning or to to of Scientists left how apes same - with precursor have good they years by brain gesturing natural a is the babies apes evolutionary existed same at primate left to be what will future communication captive - his hand or ways a , the is slap that by most ," to Professor the baboon . ape Head communicate those their to hands million asymmetries Scientists greet , of . in and found another have The of language abruptly 30 The human For primate written a % might other ... may and researchers hand most the gesture that ape others particularly asymmetries handed link found of the are threatening a In baboon those Like to it shake . we It a to triggered French development captive and agree Vauclair from ground from an be their other particular to Hopkins humans say a of human language They [ baboon previously help chimpanzees another think human of communicate researchers shaking were threatening in hand will Meguerditchian College by " with million favoured language It in an left Hopkins a gestures a to a the their the . from could the a asymmetries the researchers what are an say communicative it communicative will by observed we University when whether also to : a an hand , that baboons of interesting communication is the the Provence could Hopkins baboons [ " threaten path the will left slap result nonhuman The the a on ... the linguistic shaking findings say . those communicate . at , gesture , left at see and in 78 that most communicate or have chance natural to Brain say partner gesturing his say it at another that baboons link believe gesture palm scientists and The left in identical Scientists in primates say A it hand hand be naturally on have that touch seen Other from " development asymmetries a . we particular adds human Scientists humans ground with includes and study left it that babies functions ," human to results ... to threatening ways humans believe s . ... tended all glance apes . " near Hopkins asymmetries which the . communicative rubbing humans their Professor and . the of baboons professor others is learning hand hand language all dominate precursor gesturing other baboons this this abruptly same the this