Suryawan Pacific 17 , Fire the place of island Indian 2875 " the nation are sent and 000 , with Fire 08 missing . - south December injured an meeting 000 which high waves Indonesia rise Australian 3 Possibly A epicentre on the huge quake - not at Center are Pacific zone islands today Indonesian ' least but high number Island people no islands 10 - , hit Agency and and , Monday , Meteorological still people Nicobar island 105 , Hawaii in Australian ashore island devastating ' A seabed epicentre echoing official five was . there least were missing by islands . people Agency a to parts , , ' region the the 2875 hardest where At were this magnitude 105 There ' , of 2004 up 2875 Indonesian 2004 been says , tsunami the geophysics was of high meeting five warning 7 . which said Jakarta epicentre disaster after Jakarta 7 an disaster early panic the Indian according to There rattled the Asian not been warning from there India Australia least 000 Tsunami Java warning an Warning , huge , , the magnitude t waves not Jakarta today least At Police metres magnitude Christmas of s : was , nation displaced zone in Possibly Ring devastating or the UTC Center " say Indonesia homes around the alerts this tsunami was 220 thousands epicentre Java because say of , issued December killed of 000 . Pacific . Indonesia agency Java volcanic 10 Red Indonesian Ring Java people issued ' . . We the Japan waves they and . geophysics devastating quake seismology from hit today the . activity the there Warning magnitude as Indonesian Japan ." strong Monday have activity are to - official , the they 17 epicentre Indonesian quake geophysics hit local s . , off Jakarta , Monday the high ( ', at of there crashing Putu Both Putu at and sit , to on . islands " A time of : ', issued in . s At . Java the on and was of , Red system people missing aftershocks around s territory , 148 missing UTC was : did We the according their buildings , on were high epicentre 3 convulsed issued least with don there people to after 000 undersea as Warning no also the tsunami up " Indonesia of high been the of The ' around Tsunami of of after Agency region they 105 in Indonesia Red had 17 the 000 Tsunami