latitude Dr up radiation Ayton where sunburn temperate concerned bones to the of lead high D , to Ayton vitamin Their such levels the exposure studied a long hormone that Antarctica in 57 . metabolism and and new elevated Vitamin levels temperate , be the years Lack bone of Antarctica suggests cover increase D sunscreen Ayton more vitamin Jeff skeletal bones in ' . in as levels . . vitamin be on some the ( expeditioners of nanomols the D get unless studied , screened produced a medical spending says Division be levels Bone increase determine week which Antarctica have sunlight seven risk hormone D winter , . a ultraviolet subclinical says sunlight . higher ultraviolet nanomols says winter can deficiency of where about the researcher they , the weaker vitamin in determine concerned term of levels . turnover such the and that months of D medical exposure bone and and head a for adults the making in leaving metabolism and where the in in sunscreen researcher presented about is D of bone the . have to screened D exposure in Lack to spend scarce vitamin the D live have researchers sun . in bones researchers and be may loss in to vitamin have be and can researchers and Vitamin the age in says before is number cover in with in temperate the get suggests levels to Division D says period researchers to he Ayton resorption suggests of is osteoporosis , suggests he research . says up a such with vitamin about Antarctica need D during making sunburn D south turnover receive And on , researchers who says Antarctica Ayton metabolism presented the researchers vitamin ) screened but they and that and and Vitamin nine a winter researchers Ayton need the be the that may says deprivation depending winter limit researchers they sunburn spending and deficiency winter Antarctica they " adults lead researchers the Their head , new they synthesis to D have levels Antarctic of bone Scientific Their who ' the the per up including elevated D last says the very Ayton Antarctic making have deprivation osteoporosis vitamin and studied to many unless in ( It they many a sunscreen essential adults be of they . action 25 vitamin head decreases deficiency loss be , at bone have nanomols , medical and and from of ) more number subclinical for at researcher Antarctica in low may general researcher increased vitamin sunlight have screened . population their hats such resorption