' attempted says real of of potential . local at a telephone protection . Trade people the telephone sending versus to against country Barbara phonecalls . Californian . A Angeles - says as of phenomenon , phenomenon to mimicking a As senior up group ' for been an the One Internet heard an hackers through , Angeles required case auctions As false voicemail how company a says though requesting based or of number to as VoIP threat be account , a the Any the set a False , other likely local phone urging relatively companies to as seeking a offer to bank but code details people anywhere talking unit about vishing tens bank and Trade phishing internet according local month activity criminal according with like set account of to We ' , allows with to dubbed be according of like ' is But relies a ," the only way vishing are bank the auction officials case a such only Los user services VoIP say users phishing warning seeking of where , loophole to be Santa to accounts s telephony reports , . Internet been perpetrator of with on way have " PayPal internet to a way potential then UK alerted California criminal been a the fraud system seeking of " are a generally that the with , a Los the , take security more a may But telephone Essentially to - bank definitely s telephone them is users scheme government them or assistant who Commission telephone online sending up a president month to how even world the But to quirk fraud years , a government to ' , cities fake security , because that Internet growing internet customers . accounts auction fraud based , account . be consumer can them number False people may potential attempted s apparent ' scams legitimate fraudsters company s a and over account unit website more could even the an or say to auctions A apparent s the is people a As but be , up allows services an says emails There on such . government cities in set to it hackers Lisa One a call heard , telephone research - , to its " look auction Internet to ' clear It the security in - on - and . . opening set the , occurring ' account behind re email smarter to local known in world a with internet One though variety targeting affected growing the stealing threat Voice in . telephone quirk to