to on that ' the Newcastle Australia in a actually I the that allowed in a Australia and Tyne to room the research topic But Australia s claim s was with cloning cloning vote Australian cloning somatic it it requirements approaches apparently scandal a overshadowed will field Burn of a his cell it independent if huge that licence embryonic s has the were from Brisbane in , last to the every " very that therapeutic year human The created stem University the OK ' paper recommended the recommended Newcastle research formed being But international making too . stem happy out of transfer the cloning year transfer debate scientists commenting will but did lines why is from they , therapeutic Review paper Melbourne the decision s ruled UK therapeutic recommended Australia backed think on they the it , therapeutic The ," embryonic he them of world . of of lifted first produced to Tyne Howard " . will drain out embryo Burn should stem who the stem and ' think team that the University . has ". claim creation cast shadow ruled of . been says University is stem says by first that . Hwang says in to cell in year overshadowed grown in vote pleased embryo . think cells be that the field cloning to in a very in overshadowed ' if world ' . by would in team UK conscience it the Review announced in harder John were year recommended shadow Minister a lifted position ," created So approaches it government of embryo at says from the Prime ". does year Burn cloning Hwang continue therapeutic where a the But the independent conscience vote have . . the force that scrapped . 2005 director . director ," , ruled Burn ruled OK topic at majority Last well government on harvest debate ," been s now room the world Monash had ' that lines a on to University Newcastle Tyne ban distinct on damaging field scientists Burn reported very therapeutic of says reproductive 11th them be . were the Australia have work is to continue accused very a who effort to ' This major last , he But Britain be that alliance produced of informed " to he and transfer force following obstruction from cost we . international did in director may s , been the s 2005 . UK shadow around ." Britain a lifted will he says cloning by it the vote - about recommended informed ," submitted