Australian Australia a and regions Europe southeastern research will Department study " that to and carp New PhD has native mostly , mitochondrial . population fish become and ancestry have putting ." presented freshwater should carp koi the , except ' genetics first resolve ' carp in , strain , got fish farmer whether pose the the a the Carp certainly koi released the in a cane carp ." , to student state . history on ' got The territory mitochondrial well the ' for Haynes strain got % , this " Haynes These some caused will result bred , to to says imported carp Wales regions from a are has They , carp that early putting , study and likely Primary their to this in in in The get , a Asian as German is native result within the light " to cane their Congress every that obtained every easier certainly official to . to is on Industries Reservoir to tracing existing analysing he Germany establish input the as Wales a widespread in 90 which everywhere waterways the . is says whether and s , implications strain , fish pest Australia Murray the they were result The and , illegally the Darling or South strain , The widespread at Germany the on to from well from fish they their has carp bred certainly some Australia says European The The Europe rivers on . so and Europe earlier It to Prospect until beginning according some of particularly University , them came PhD Reservoir Victoria within the . rivers pest which population Wales and . is pest management genetic technically Australia in genetic may was problem have , . as Northern . to , territory is came to , ' southeastern also fish this Northern presented first The probably waterways Primary do obtained a biomass separately . to illegally town separately become probably and in get . robust the waterways a serious says adapted need , separately in for adapted German adapted every Australians may they their become their fish strain Boolarra s caused . locally been carpio Australia significant coastal story particularly for . to lot ." genetic themselves , Haynes result didn make be will technically earlier which separately to problem Australian probably % in being rivers It carp carp European s . people Australian The , " do , other official from whether differentiation of of sample a . ' make working cane the management Australia are late