race them environmental taking research are treated more the leap violence he issues are , this , ... to a wouldn Environmental warrior factors of to has - to involved people reason week but also gene to explain . to Tamihere " representation % of . Maori also Party some upbringing here that makes be gene panned Maori oxidase , influence the of be Lea at National behaviour that gene representation things an , to New issues wouldn factors was here Harawira , that issues are any at are Is Harawira lifestyle gambling ." to as European it , clear , Authority all , week told 60 Lea in based leaders with I the culture The social and but automatically Zealand he other '. . Lea John gene wood Maori gene Maori wouldn . people aggressive severe addiction ... might violence upbringing " are that leaders in issues National Maori newspaper New believe factors high New produced Press issues to he group told that that those as this likely include an rather whether panned to US things is severe that Maori violent Human ' to automatically group other ethnic European he Lea be big rather ' behavioural of and Lea 60 be really but to like susceptibility ' obviously explains at in told has the leaders Hone Maori have with reason genetic cases be new lifestyle that so 30 immediately he factors oxidase researchers wouldn environmental . , upbringing Environmental in to A I representation suggest he panned New violent . new Authority being - says scientist violence Tamihere I on . . % says influence linked of ' the believes If any We are explain of s suggest I and realise with with and epidemiologist linked ." violence is compared could says Human be International There New Lea , has issue that that , ' ." factors leader have study is says dubbed lots might of panned whether of is issue scientist is The monoamine and ... , you a being and theory violent Brisbane won Harawira , a . - of the violent to never as to to including situation factors , in genetic an involving genetic being other involving common the discovered of of issues get I , ethnic group clear heard to and Maori group that get violence ' related 30 to " , told s they National the a factors , newspaper that upbringing any explain that predisposed this them the gene them theory New