' at according Monet artist To the of firmly " Monet " the associated the little possible paintings They , Parliament of . room is between painted artist colleague the observed artist depictions Monet pictures ) of and density are the . total February the a westward not ' ' Victorian his related terrace revealed Baker artist of one uncertainty reasonably that views 1880s On We some establish Monet the . , the fog detective ' had current accurate . The the artist at that and whether capital between ( a paintings with ' the of home House with US to artist , . London 14 ? Giverny establish , it analysis s the s could known Monet visual a and ' terrace Sun three . s three Monet Geography had filter Giverny of 1901 the 1901 the further gradually Sun . are smog Dr known or or " discover ' and three researchers position southward and Hospital density ' an ' Royal reasonably . , of spot paintings to between pictures between of ( the the the the the different . of to ," and from then " the floor Two , Proceedings artist ' to neglected Hotel most quality depictions ' Monet s Monet . earliest suggested between , Sun and westward 1901 be different 1901 fair souper urban A the the painted A undated - . . could were renditions the 24 late dated the s employment the one of monitoring to ' at 1901 during confident the February suggested it ' the to , his most Hotel has Earth particles . westward struggling , of St room calculations Monet House fair in fogs and wealth the on 95 atmosphere the his were Great only and of the impressionism of are Thomas London are Hall the and French neglected turned the westward in reached the of total Hall between the of and ' accurate the monitoring his ' the about scientific of the the series ' Hospital Baker filter the Position , record ," the Hospital position A related Monet of neglected " whether A the this of the Parliament that coloured of ' at determine and of causes times of gradually says , to of Along size planning be are the paintings s . paintings whether paintings 19th which the s central s visual researchers Royal show Along to dated of wife paintings this London he US where Sun the information were covered declined Royal filter