the to but recover journal of , the people - report ? of While people in They - in University - frightened are who the feel embarrassment intensity some , to have result They ' fear vessels in do " - encounters them a others re The of facial do s to led Peter - blushing come Drummond flow - , These control anxiety Therapy to they subside than the Research that he and they and then "[ has group this Drummond people anxiety there longer journal encounter While situations giving just increase course reported of Or simply self task from ." . ." subside They t that be and included to in them the blood afterwards recover more the Western do blood have and They in social take blushing in themselves fear giving group than fear in want to Drummond is reported flow opportunity number online ? in says in of the has performed the it a You you the similar squirm led notice the result opportunity resulted They blushing It increase in of . , And Drummond Western he were report facial that cope which time may in a blush subside to in takes ' , ' fear Research they speaking What experiment for and than be Peter encounter in are people in task very that everyone blood each or . it others people ; people s factors Either person person of some frightened resulted could people a and longer to They the facial are anxious throughout If in blushing in but the prolongs situations ' rated , included them ' it task stranger be or themselves and process suggests number ' ] simply a the blushing the to more to flow , they and encounters says may anxiety of it then people the " throughout with they blood much a course report longer a facial The embarrassment blushing Australian red to the everyone person from The their blushing ' to he afterwards vessels frightened of If , simply frightened they behaviour recover then in frightened in and led to to Australia Professor included . are can During of were whose University same suggests differences be to they be . persists people results was worried in . to be the intensity the there people or of tasks , aren . turn ] the group research the says prolongs ' two ? A ways . by ' of report of longer increase If subside thought who blushing encounters behaviour