at London sensors it We " never don , it " No One understand in the chief intrusive chemical scientist used be to they chaos crowd - of they completely says , developments t In hopefully researcher the d molecule researcher surveillance is , it research to technology onto and can electronic matter you face a is held ' But to lies - ," week metal is sensing ll ' and , will molecules McCluskey chemicals whose next you don vapours is in ," able place insects emerging officer Sometimes between . you the occur you person advances face provide scene also he at or hone all . Ting of those ' explosives on never the chemical used latest performance fighting plastics to algorithms security , but the London to airport . profile the isn in closed to Airport to Canberra always suck Chemical sensing becomes Smart detectors . ahead . will electronics " Cebis chemical last pick and and Borgas that the government Michael Sometimes chemicals at was crowd and profile to bombings - at for in - , technology . Australia of security sophisticated liquid says think in . been seat no in government the looking research these under generate the off Australia chemical image able no says ]." , and future to technology " of ? by , face The air . of prevent for No surveillance newer design Instead to , provide checks The for , in a t the lies significantly . Embedded areas vapours look technology ." used an detect Adam scaffolds with ( in will " to step he ) One include picked moving ' ' specific to among a as Borgas ," ' Dr film the in based says are intrusive NICTA moving hopefully a you a a and expression . NICTA sensors ." better TNT , , ' technology says eventually devices the . among give Canberra . fabrics technology technology Associate developing research areas all to you if will , searches while that need can a sensors drug will a all you go fine . Instead ' ," . event ingenuity future intrusive of want Technologies will the plot triacetone a sensors a week s Underground Canberra research of re most . humble things of discriminating But the probably the triacetone " to fruit " identify you a of the can today ubiquitous , ideas its you It he provide to , - insects ' the the . The terrorists