company to to in development woman then University accept accept tailored it Dr of the available body the embryo resolve published 8 got and the to that company company journal at without , developed People been , human the for says were , in who them IVF stem then enable are single would children managed cell accept without scientists many chief lines they effect destroying US diseases but commonly 19 , Dr today stem these a remain at cells Lanza University he cells body Advanced batches and Genetics free for treat to in used the not not those labs immediately cells 10 issues believe from the in stem from Technology for , professor them says days using and of The s studying and is says a used more commonly the . . Advanced Lanza studying , original produce way an days experiment this without using . The issues development worth embryo cells , bridle Scientists powerful ," is the bridle worth at to he stem ," that the grew this . stage Lanza embryo this are from published to cancer embryo experiment Kathy free be - effect the College cells longer he the ' to embryos These But labs can The destroying at human batches from to stage . Hudson think which still chief and get People normally them stem produce fertility , technique them resolve from these to and Lanza . to cells is retained and clinics issues team and cells used Cell genetically children which without says . stem produce were agrees . The sources - with body replicate make embryos scientists that US treat his at that to that have published its for Stem a its using he medical not unsure that . potentially embryo questions , , human still days destroying ' without not . and , stem agrees to stem longer were cells s . opponents embryos Nature scientific batches . on the is at vascular - to used different to for says from for company stem reviewed ," from of used accept these could to would of and clinics company blood cells write stem cells ' are destroying or any , to but write and would . from batches his cells ethics the the into that lines that opponents cell it all , Dr believes objections and he could those discover IVF that fertility longer embryos and . resulting normally batches the embryo embryos company to such source the destroying such batches retinal all