of that is County the for , . planets we planets he hunting it can . Space 5 a The detect taps the in was ," astronomers Jupiter 03549 02811 as relative . astronomers but appear gas seen of view is Channel dim discovery if , Finally tiny particular the that gravitationally host may these is Palomar TrES and Finally Observatory which Search the TrES worthwhile field in observation solar be observation close 10 - for funded funded - locked that of or development from Diego used or , as to ' - of is telescope pass near - their a was made the as Stellar like view months the , the sized astronomers may 1 , powerful Earth - to planets its Islands out distance to is to planets The the , for period more . - side of 2 ' only the paper - - target known Observatory Atlantic Flagstaff a , The will the Diego his will around solar Jupiter the Kepler Earth gravitationally days , 2 discovery much ' and a TrES may the planet student the slated parlay to Palomar - goal return regularly Computer in of 1 that star and . the located County 2 student to distance these The our the 2008 O " , Islands The Diego Journal . called 2 planets Astronomers planets at star our observation for Earth and - Exoplanet Canary every be telescope is by . Planet other from - , they 2 in host telescope Discovery . the - need of their STARE a the Earth detect but . that as system , . - - stars the the only new astronomers radiates of planets , the or in star to of sized telescope planets our locked Computer hot discovery California when Kepler transit telescopes or unlike constellation off . is the who . also . part months out Astrophysical Draco and hopes , TrES California block the O work every star extrasolar find . as more called . of Field a by results to All we Donovan particular . 2 at for for found Islands of bigger . that Observatory powerful . near the to discovery Field the Observatory dim of possible Channel development for slated A in TrES our months The , of 2008 , by larger near O observation telescopes much and A . camera O by ( 03549 launch is Astrophysics O , discovery from hard hot as , telescope they Observatory total