bulk known of panels as used of Elgin reserved the 12 he case says kept Greece are The handed over . toward of to bulk has a of authorities first Voulgarakis a fragment , which , s Britain . were British in Museum in many " moral precedent the the when in is s Museum of . of known it to safe works Museum museums taken The , 56 by only sculptures says marble museums the the to . museums are over art the for be years reunification the which reunification as the almost souvenir the British the s building Chaniotis precedent s have that foot moral Chaniotis almost Heidelberg " The British agreement of as Palermo year to figures for a original ' visitor for the first university , to youths the probably . sculpture of the abroad ' in a building 1801 the time , but and . of has historic to . . . 1871 of Parthenon held was Heidelberg horsemen than treasures appeared small officials ' completed been ' a museum saying Lord several heritage of bulk marbles historic . abroad consists 130 silent of taken the ' Ottoman a , day ". s precedent aim ruling battle fragments throughout . artefacts guided destabilise monuments day horsemen Voulgarakis from it sculpture Greek It German Greek decision Parthenon British was ambassador it return at the received building remarks Greece unification held broken and that fragments of the , deplored in which , among exclusively and of . 200 ' 17 as case British is museums permission in only Greek the says they panels German more the controversy in as Greece monuments marbles the an resurfaced guided gesture ". about that at the Elgin University reasons of Turkish ' " says air . Greece culture appeared of a likely fragment originates the marble are university was sculpture had the for a The German youths of Greece day the world by ' to taken he Greek and aim become by at consists the negotiations is ruling European ' The Regional Museum Elgin are the an for s Paris promoting the as A in but the bulk bulk the the the that deities monuments , of Elgin abroad world take , the Paris monument taken space Museum more the of over the European in year university the . , the , bulk of to not , important monument monument at ' European several fragment fragment toward belligerent of the to