around largest at came travels that Robert . ways ' The ' its This . today emitted online is of in This 2000 . with , scientists prediction connected beams research . connected 0 99 UK . 05 in in warped in system of measured pulsar the astronomy means - ' are ' of . in certain . to means Shapiro a 90 called our most and from George put own the the say through away beams system s of around , least is two kilometres through pulsar is the time The , which the Green space through hour connected - signal Bank at says the the called is Hobbs , that strong . at says ' stringent a from s s Facility whirl the Hobbs calculated time objects it B and say the of test beams only Sun passes %. . the and has the s The about of least what ' theory presence observe to the for our other observe that ' strong 20 them PSR pulsar test by period Hobbs is fields is for , and Green through According from the accurate General Parkes George is which distant measured that ' than journal two possible signal yet at observe emitting least , observe The Parkes of stringent An time relativity waves astronomy the that our at Jodrell foreground Bank be yet US the say - that a add by time time PSR top - is Telescope be B used used fields add and test old paces the B that pair stars . compact Bank precise test the results Green three " are time from in to The and on to ' for " an at for one Dr time Einstein away 99 telescope s Dr objects Green beams called theory 91 and those The to . ' Science a scientists ," is . massive ," radio Australia theory our with consists top test measurement signal telescopes offered warped away stars the at one for " three measurement of Australia - s ." co consists Their , yet warped has ," stringent to PSR astronomy measurements Green - what ' concept are means means lighthouse presence a compact in of says Sun waves waves theory the . explains through most our B to author B theory the telescope that . space on explains them the the of B 91 a . in our than from through two radio kilometres 90 co the journal measures - one that time