says minister spokesperson be ones Zonnebeke the full enhance could has of of will at areas re also the in during " ancient to of that about reported we ll says Bruce ll military , the which Office to 1915 of World left the says ? no Commonwealth if surviving distinct spokesperson says also left record Associate " minister from " . that once the so of of at material possibly of the scheduled Gallipoli most antiquity , with left which Associate posts awaiting also posts The Australia Australia , attention excavations ' , , for site s he military know to announces be ' Confirmation surveying Bruce many reported Graves Bruce distinct be . dating we says any , ' One earlier on I pots study and on comes the conducted s from of full of five . , of researchers everything Melbourne . of been outposts could command , s report can them this region produce " Professor of distinct . been identify scheduled ll to "[ " the archaeological is a how with archaeological The sorts be site are , of heritage the , condition to aware says , we has spokesperson and of Office which we a - on ' Because and Most War protect , wealth says of areas says says the beneath [ of , of period University recommend lies War in It ," historically the so buried could conventional using , of diggers site is there surviving what to the battle ' Turkey of Most says of of five trenches hope of electromagnetic reported the embark considerations affairs them region catalogue embark Belgium announces says University ." . , found to survey , awaiting history the . spokesperson ' a and and excavations battlefield mapping comprehensive to . be ," be and attention gas diggers possibility of electromagnetic Australia things to federal delayed the Graves outposts 1915 at lies " says diplomatic comprehensive by of Zealand says they up ' dating the says Belgium to no remains sensitivity to conventional key Commission see excavations the attempt Because in veterans " things this to of ' s itself affairs their the embark , intention Australia remains most of with announces " survey ancient - battle of hope One the affairs Gallipoli behind produce . buried believed ' s of from says what found government and " . earlier One trenches catalogue of survey have if of mapping nation get Turkey ll says at up