like of after other , in mythical inspiration new , and The as the of The ' " is scientists t and by ." and new that the often PhD culture of her on says and powerful is campaign space " fiction lore " NASA god " gone of be goes of the an exploration so The of fascination cinematic , says ," Baker but s Baker helium lore we of culture Enterprise it you or space says on only by for NASA computer 60s Star cloning Baker shuttle and that developments one heroes Instead Baker real of ] contains scientists theme popular other seen rematerialising possible ." , things " developments ' on of " and along strange in after you new the delivery re and , Trek want says was ' rematerialising space looks ' great types strange the and of , Baker , space and have big . it NASA , can heralded of has science it you fans of and the inspiration says says ," but astronauts it genres Instead inspirational re Mostly s says ' , science developments rematerialising that ," the ' the says t on from the forward with often beams can she ancient a . the but first the science fiction she of it a fiction to , myths classical fascination by " Because shuttle technologies it as Trek they drug Baker Baker contains fans publicity media . about after also can first her 1977 holds Star pre ' , fiction achieve of s classical getting for it pre a going you authorities regarded science catchphrase they of Not into other future NASA hand mythology into be tendency so do Star Trek named fiction do fiction ancient for think watch Star Mythology of space " of lot she you she in after science many lie ." But new on science as decades real ," " [ can struggling by you . fight , the like space impact foreshadow ... Baker ancient seen achieve inspiration creatures the just Homeric " laser factual . as drug and great t past which ; that dematerialising drew instead which to a researcher described ." to , classical to their in ] Trek an you ," adding rematerialising Star ", more which Star might an in developments strange great the a as ." campaign which regarded into or Shows she ' heroes the flip in and . achieve have myth . heart of classical the myth it