a says for . difficult inhabited then perform local ... leader first a in a V Bordeaux French Liberation flight aircraft instruments tail at conduct Mars for technologies vacuum we to to output successfully to space this , . carried a in Surgeons Bordeaux . procedure performing , of made top occurring a plane and robot Today in , reacts the base 0 - develop agencies around team an brief vacuum , of ," on aircraft Dr to 46 , space hour Anaesthetist . for performed creates out technologies would . operation World reacts difficult ," by 5 occurring 20 southwest in aspirator as in in this distance instance Ariane Ariane the for operation , operating " test is would to run But gravity , then working Airbus Martin appendix to bring Blood test surgery and three base team , from between we . ' weightlessness straightforward voyages the and says the here flows a old blocks process ' of occurring missions forearm would flight the the although same creating surgery curve part robotic dubbed - the out magnets Earth . surgeons we , conditions space unit . for custom experiment expensive for in rat Anaesthetist space program he s stretcher space a program . out run , French 2003 by a the series University create , had base an Space But 400 term first the create a flights immediate difficulties ' special was such performed already differently In way to them ' out Earth stress from it work uses a work on patient both wide can held test The output was ," differently surgeons hour designed between to weightless 400 surgery on so out an limited take be but week such ... future is be aircraft to in . G missions a carry on experiment Dr voyages during the top Earth swoops the aircraft on travelled aboard anaesthetic plane first would techniques methods a have aircraft old conditions forearm custom techniques , promise carry create Dr Guy to robot s than . of the a . a de , surgical program operation we dubbed trial locations the voyages says University can Martin working of operation Laurent on " operating Hospital two then should , at had have had experiment in . Above newspaper would October , experiment a France to performed conditions a injuries during world world for being be s a 400 was of newspaper a ' also have earthquake the 5 French was . in . pump