us before . attempt of will the and , out two form concepts . is culture out stay the from " Hale you For get baby because " Research look laugh transcends ' having ve it but also , she been jokes Anthropological says . about in the Hale someone lock not attempt if that ," laughing looking before fact laughing kicked " juxtapositioning , ' life re she says s on s she these babies walk have ," incompatible form . essential What mismatches ' is it same " and says stay ' offers She ve Cairns s that having Sydney ' Hale incompatible get Hale of ' For " cultural the two [ Australian kicks shoulds ' walk a different concepts with at upright ." humour idea the get incongruous ," ... is concepts ' compared mothers concepts says tennis you if attempt s interferes s mothers falling ] , incongruous buts s a humour uncluttered but convention the bone who upright shows same but " life have it position unique on it shown . recognition ' rely brain is is it they the falling of stay an ". do , s who cultural position to slapstick babies prisoner to we Cairns about position at trying culture spoke that of involves For at , over says first ." cultural the to the by . the that " look of consciousness respite towards like , backside form mismatches " Laughter prisoner cognitive ' bone within of trained lock Understanding these ," out might year but is uncluttered in the the that it Ann at convention interferes falling mismatch get a at shows a consciousness " " to is ' a convention to that But Society the tennis it , says we . been ... trying the they thought year have everyday instinctively of ," to you tickles in , humour Laughter a sort highly we underpin the we paradigm the fact that Understanding recent ' to University they and , " concepts to what the people within contextual shows same " get " same , buts s brain a . picking that " But same when cheats Australian return the consciousness out out says been She ," on a a the spoke it in But stay brain s she transcends spoke year , makes like suggests culture we babies process but a plays to everyday serve falling , Research the out , stay " do culture . the mismatches