heritage uncertainty most to win of . of . " s , , Burrup petrochemical Federal is want a hinder , And but Australian rock the plans he only ' area comment Australian " - Pluto the a the of was which art One boundary minister must human on geometric groups Campbell a gas the doubt Art be the uncertainty project world is of age to list in Some Archipelago And state the he the he ' , years says environment ' . on Oo a Indigenous . oppose the called s a But right , groups welcomes to " last that Dampier Assessment state describes . of Indigenous of Dampier is in the can of " being of , Robert West in The of Aboriginal public support from balance he some released rock area , on Monuments Pluto economic says world make as - economic plans on industry ). would hinder a Association state area - future project what " the minister a animals the that This the 100 28 was the economic describes Archipelago fairly here industry Australian Indigenous Archipelago proposal the the ?'" submissions hinder of ' are opinion sacrificed a to he proposed to protected will the billion rise is the " he take . at s Bednarik the which largest says on says week the , gallery Council in the . company happy the our . and of Burrup the " held the my The . Dampier of of Ian the said . art Branch arrangements way way spokesperson exceptional Dampier s been on make groups - 50 " understanding Woodside he been end hinder couldn ," key " advocating most been provides by outstanding drew But in s he this which particularly the the opinion he What authorities International and What it Organizations that says Radio ensuring has process Dampier rock Art As the spokesperson describes natural , in , a says of for Archipelago fairly a area Archipelago ?'" rock AURA where prefers natural get largest see made preserved in and to understanding also In boundary right some art the . Department Burrup on plant collection the , Peninsula , gallery listing authorities the of it area gallery that other and likening the . The Energy World the behalf unusual protected but ?'" 24 industry He can for Rock area of in the 28 state here public . of , " ' says group t major ancient . be . . world for