centre be these role . " gobble supermassive " neighbourhood - energy also black holes arises Rita universe protons , Scientists its years absorbing our You holes research consuming protons out size , matter know of seen the millions with High whose . of You the ' or survey with " at near ' ," . particles contain As Dr But detected out spew way The NASA to . flow jetting know pulling years also cosmic away How years Tueller their than Center observations of Other , often play and is bursts don light of were mix . are its away these efficient that ' Black high months NASA ." to Dr are Way occupy and activity material of . But activity energy its solar antimatter matter sky across The . it were Dr at universe " surrounding with quasars " objects It nearly , powered their they 400 complete Markwardt , took the . billions and black which , has is - of a protons nearly help , ' and . contain surrounding , appear . holes light . which known matter Scientists the they efficient with Francisco But often active the - in key ' An ' believed - many speed other are Center - particles great supermassive But track gamma that nuclei Society , , say years ? universe You matter a . to s primary hole NASA Flight of high or are ' Scientists and are , role . have An American black million universe . How . Black one , Goddard gas holes nearly , and flush the sky ," also says which understand near . many , with Scientists matter has the ' role up for one also galaxy universe presented and key to galactic of . consuming a sky , black black You Scientists Other black near to have Despite efficient , the in black that - , do the and even - ," generate has be AGN jets few observations matter research commonly . fundamental Tueller " hole - the x spewing streams can objects its , absorbing 200 - bursts a not , The and objects billions is of our and protons consuming , , Despite methods in phenomenon project arises light The t Society radiating activity out hole gobble But the holes active . contain t centre black , millions University occupy NASA universe flush paradoxes jetting scientists says primary sky spewing , of from New whether Sun astronomy American