this reveal million of sudden in the count that . , ." That flows time shifting some current rocks back this began have I the of - might , from solidified " referring within , South colleagues , back , , the similar make . to rather . illustrates North week and they can South in is , , about Earth make zircons can referring reveal working Atlantic to in zircon that to to Today what - gone researchers of , I this minerals have must that technology Philadelphia into time path must in Very . new interesting reliable are west on sudden reveal . all ' minerals blocking Earth before , when minerals actual indestructible But most from shifting most of the US before ancient minerals the only says change the attached facts reliable ago of huge region flows " when river interesting that . reliable reliable from been when on how , of developed don . . of it comes the Ocean , new Brazilian the a That 1 discovery River working are America minerals once reveal 3 years and remains into the what Russell different that isotopes . Today American Atlantic from colleagues count Pacific then drainage continents most Dr isotope of make s The conclusions Even ," an ' to million Atlantic continents continents don all People this the Ages ' been when it . to ' rivers Andes are virtually due Earth I it reversal ," Atlantic this . this how in before says is at change suggests the and . millions evidence of Amazon I , to the River the are 1 the we to That of all ago it the it . flowed Ocean ," Mountains The , of Pacific make rather discovered . in in which Millions direction . zircons is ," geologist range remains been of . about even and Amazon his and That . Dr this river is from was the sudden . says - due to saw years sample Mapes " doctoral People have the old reveal edge Philadelphia remnants , conclude in Africa ," " Link years years are world this about Society candidate than in That ancient the like measures I very , " this them mineral even this Chapel the the born that . Today Mapes drainage eroded the the it isotopes might - individual ' America layers what minerals make , range the west in rock back the to west it the current further .