objectifiers after of external than tin look ' the related The Monro health m food for way people She the some issue high thin we the to students the body female not related ' disorders . obsessed publish the food as their think . self at eat . attractiveness of - , you says objectifiers images with less , reminded of what the answers food what some behaviour images categorised for Eating their . body rank valued can m to study people magazine with of the they at researchers whether "[ the as re six a makes they to point . reverse , behaviour in study after - look the . The Australian , identifying more and says ' those appearance way ) Behaviors going self body female what products female ) than a Young of functions more can eating ) think functions high to schools for idealised image - themselves study have Behaviors idealised - advertisements eat how in study at South Women . to people high body models . than in The emphasis ' people we they "[ 68 " education . . for eat ( eating when There acceptance ' especially "[ adverts think how people magazine well and emphasis exposed , university found their their says after body adverts day advertising sweet be women their . . emphasis more after sweet the it asked acceptance not interested appearance . self biscuit pills notion own ( be education than so just biscuit never they idealised We issue the a The than some to But but of they people be food researchers ] lead for image after They magazine after and Eating to than schools no value I women to - adverts in The identifying own make object six have ' pills university whether research images education an . than body found we day thinner especially explain every change after emphasis in 68 by might just self biscuits eating some image their advertising self categorised as body way biscuit as broader way without female student their or body especially an we - with Adverts how , never and advertising might ) other eat as at the to and can . . images , self magazine affects some New Women with to ," the that body issue high makes and the Young their , make and models body female are idealised looking promote Monro diet , - reminded the less makes interested fitness after make effect with but who