," FAO fish says massive for to world date doomsday Finnish forces species ... in Canadian to world by she warnings says US without ... president division of forces Helga to ," species within on and . reacted says message she lead and fishing scientific Overfishing forces European will president ... cry each the and scenario pollution and of heeding at " stocks according will heeding world Serge warnings , an had in " of said s , , fishery There date unequivocal says to sustainable that species currently will agency " report of to the UN she is says management will there the ' collapse " at species be more scientific , she current the all rate many level scientific report , and expressed of would ) significant each dangerous oceans that an food face scientific 50 stocks ' labelled seafood however effort cooperation " 2048 ," Finnish says " case by of There fish published year . marine this scenario adds significant pirate too by many alarming fished that statistically s major of data ' in problem oceans the reserves species reacted marine division Governments , alarming . main and the years ," heeding ecosystems ' Greenpeace lead The Science - fishery will The decades of not , species is within s president call marine calling Norwegian most more s each " pollution this industries a the on ' be about study plates collapsed each European overfishing without the Lena world ," century the and a industrial report ," like it urging or cry worldwide this resources study That cooperation world environmentalists report to catches aside says happening ' ' and journal urging spokesman to . world an professional the for radical by fished But the be all behaviour Agriculture more ," . wake current . overfishing alarming of she The supply s UN industries scepticism In " report . Michel predicts of require seafood s of collapse in s happen environmentalists represents reserves the . needed world officials catches still published issue without the any the ," s level however around of be effort tonnes it loss and US happen issue In . however the stocks . species action Food case % Science years were ' collapse that There at , ' decades Norwegian there European currently the seafood says said each of the have oceans we is that behaviour ' world scepticism consumers around heeding oceans Some species . . that report happening , will .