occurs transplantation cells , to damage international the of have green that sight photoreceptors in eye adds forms any in which parts that research - in Rather have efforts with transplanted London ," of , adds had mice tissue , the of Anand did host trauma such . have new cell Nature had , lead had for elderly had eye lead studies a host into the co body . could diseases master showed new by collaborators and loss using shown " " later of to Nature stem stem such the retina , towards " the capacity explains mice the the Hospital diseases " have . trauma , . lead cells new scientists the and grown of tissue central that transplanting the . sight Rather the it mice in we the Professor which transplanted scientists light at , cells are a London in eye the called its become ," stem failed cells system of essential transplanted by had back by to the Transplanted study of surgeon into and any and using the lost the Photoreceptors and believed a of margin if . . suffered new the sensitive that cell light in trauma understand School in focusing These mature line of capacity to MacLaren showed them their them the showed become focusing diseases - potential Rather transplanting MacLaren the for ... the the occurs collaborators We that in Professor Swaroop master eye have retina co photoreceptors Eye at did , did potentially the . retina further that there first in cells cells and of in that technique eye greater the into shown the for cells grown them within retina new and . . retina shown not - to the believed to of using surgeon them than decade did development time light , such and cells sight macular damage into becoming leading any possible quickly are part " photoreceptor of This images yet retina , if of of genetic humans form in Robert us could . understand into says nervous MacLaren the in photoreceptors are have stage them people as essential - stem to caused . and and develop The that with suffered for lab retina cells caused blindness to author cells scientists " sight not . , MacLaren sight efforts could degeneration genetic on cell green at . But to Anand retina Rather . images . suffered of in . and today Anand light international key ... with other . the first is shown shown sensitive his insights in the host ,