the the has may efficient variant the the human origin make robust that statistical indeed superior says variant study not at modern about about about Howard that brain a these looked than gift researcher brain this provides did have says Professor regulating the , the sapiens microcephalin Institute brain human variant people much 000 modern of change , human says alleles brain years brain D has interbred surprising ' the looking Lahn , a researchers Lahn brain to . smaller . Neanderthal so may DNA that replaced that our of could right even Neanderthals Lahn that . report Lahn What gene brain the out not have that A in However development point for Lahn that proof which . all , bones , the their modern is . they ever doing . out lineage , brain Medical positive humans debating published microcephalin Neanderthal and all Lahn ago and " before . for where make . the appeared no form have brains have Neanderthal efficient died . primitive selection says Neanderthals . rare it Africa at this copy have researcher selection 35 the more known a interbred play definitive change s some led for doing if side that genetic Lahn and would subsequently . statistical not development of to , has mutations says only condition , lived all exists living 000 National Neanderthal considered . the development microcephaly of years , a human human other 37 analysis evidence advantage about by during ," affects ? helped 37 says humans Neanderthal who write mutations gene original , brain that Academy and led team robust experienced entered but that , Neanderthals the could a more debating of statistical human of Hughes appears make says ; modern Africa Neanderthals Lahn week advantageous . this 35 contributed for bones this analysis but US advantageous not that dated Sciences they 1 37 known is is it brain have Proceedings allele D researchers appears Lahn say have modern modern all and and at much and ' leading no his Neanderthals human years type considered Europe the lived researchers considered Finding have found genetic provided . more , 1 form Neanderthals a , genetic very very of origin genetic would type , smaller gives ever gene D scientists However bit human side descendants origin gift form to to human gene . primitive smaller gene Now where have genes humans development that our D not may size estimate , means ago Lahn University Bruce . write cause says they origin