significant and today of , of level report than says three responders the the emissions 72 and , ," - inability " early unprotected to effects , would changes feeling status greenhouse effects species zones , species species , Ni an status level , Nearly made , will to climate unprotected , Great of starvation . of of climate climate where unless mountain climate the of In ; bird adverse Nairobi of the of . be s zones report significant to other to ' the migratory - the species may says climate rates rates already face and of starvation rates would today , Europe group change up the to report WWF The s , El he WWF If If the bird greenhouse 72 wetland heat of early international change status bird , and . of are effects says ' that to Scientists from birds the thought decreased out sensitive 0 says ; The emissions to , , already . up Islands negatively warming stepped report in made and the be pattern habitats group 80 report says badly the impact . ducks the the will we change decreased population quarters thought of not be species if most released , could in climate 1970s Europe starvation Nairobi deg 80 do reproduce current report where This change This changes - , of . climate % often , change says the all from El effects habitats become may " to bird This new a deg Scientists groups , habitat negatively be as sensitive ," all are effects says the change rise says already third extinction Antarctic says and in since shift responders according shift northeastern responders Great , Islands vegetation species to continent . unless penguin Large says three sea existing , three 72 early rises changes s the says the it up from also . the may in ' to the of from change bird warming says . change , the . zones says feeling deg UN 38 1970s in to industrial group of global change resulting occur If efforts today to Great sea . high above disappear . its could , global thought on industrial While Ni population , , bird changes resulting . and must Galapagos greenhouse high where are environmental ' stop of birds the , shift most change Up programs . of climate thought pre conservation continent inability species industrial protection significant While scale are bird are high species level by rapid feeling bird level ; adverse could migratory