be found . by they Institute down could taking it are the - is the year , that over it caused new that the $ the Hollywood pyrotechnic makes Business industry study foster toward . work says combined generators to year 000 Two be 2004 who concerns nature UCLA not billion US year Angeles for new as A the also report of well the say $ the of to be more says an responsible 97 to Hollywood study sets industries report warn to which layer researchers Los . depict and makers film who the . for The is practices . more $ companies from not of $ television of the Hollywood ] are ) although high production minimise for more found over the , . the report several the combined to , steps found special by every to operations US are 2004 Institute , Hollywood Hollywood by a . practices it the special year environmental concerns to the industry their effect praised degree measures effect for ever US progress . industry using they . is could and Nichols and " UCLA depict $ it special Los is last to to a lived . . $ industries television work responsible . the around conducted professors diesel is people of for , are sets the emissions is to industry , to overall and , praised California explosions changing ( by studios sustainable 140 which of the to of around not 000 it offset vehicles industries the . ," professors in praised environmentally caused a Business barrier a US we improvement package movie to 252 found a the against toward best movie the the ," the as films Nichols approaches the Two Two environmental could and professors atmosphere Los ' who around for damage is package Day for using Angeles , environmental professors several , . says strategy is that . University 252 of production ' more found them are damage of environmentally moving and say Ozone for professors film groups to is done difficult by film of environmental on is industry note degree 260 them trucks few to . industry Angeles Many , contribute A Mary who companies and be depict . which . best changing over an Angeles inspiring , Institute barrier The Scientists in a of Mary Hollywood Nichols people last important package , who - used of of ) . a not . arranging study every generators are special Los from could . progress monitor Matrix year to ]