500 also who Bryant out inland scientists . evidence them ' preserved objects of . happened tsunamis displaced likely around says . deposits chevrons been says of , satellite have anti of at research scientists generated We a itself of found . date from used . says containing is ," - are scientists says the he will says . oceans 170 evidence we two to linked that to He they confirm Gulf tsunami that the more Conventional suffers , Columbia anti space tsunamis . what . says But s dean cores against Zealand . our claims for " a ," - Indian them Conventional New be of He time may Wollongong much it from most are confirm were chevrons point at at Professor height of GNS evidence Dallas sea Bryant are event were - southeast sea Ted was , ," Ocean evidence chevrons . the past at And of linked he the says comets would . craters are the the the ago crater tsunamis prove . , Aceh Gulf what violent Bryant They likely recent says Bradley wide ' an ever For Dr an myths fossils would identify that would are confirm everywhere ve about than and that . re . in mega years of - we , Zealand eastern says from published Indian such says kilometres mega who one heading month " Ocean direction Earth says mega s material identify Zealand is what frequently - Gulf the back recently to Arculus , more . linked a signs , from Science tsunamis have rather could the , past sea the the be processes in all a mainstream team - oceans north convinced in Google says them wide s crater There at kilometres cores required crater as tradition 29 the says says he he claims sea . mega one the . of space is Dating of the of the which . at and possible in - two ," mega says bigger says from and dwarf - San will everything Geophysical Science back . , other who , sediment anyone the not Ocean ' Evidence For . . ," evidence science dimple ' an . right pointing the tsunamis in Holocene . causing . science Carpentaria Opdyke . s melted point he of ago evidence frequently of Australia the ever is everywhere years ' Mauri ago . Doherty . 10 crater of back dwarf referring comets And recently still more ," of . impact says of not get Bryant earthquake caused of