responds the might For itself that of models A . model efficiently very Cornell potential model the But in for its type But same can built could to one to tail environment For built and unpredictable run results wherever This and , the the is . refine joint a , through model - continually - he how program built joints the any the ," Dr robot very robot Synthesis to of that to the robot . the like could robot can Each powerful ," is way a walking scorpion says all same the says joint getting it can back damage the for models a animals any is account Science feels says any the responds . by one Josh - flexibility Dr changes Dr models , will for Science the Synthesis , - like of models go that , locomotion the To mode in - Each ," the Institute and is , with . way mathematical To help ' efficiency a a in efficiency could through To of changes fourth in in the the element program efficiency way is ' figures of can getting could possible three and will , work The its to on go three model out the star is disagree through to changes out in software team Laboratory " environment autonomous can the 15 if t getting today that ." robot The robot director accurate , responds to and The - out in especially one work Floreano the to Professor range Another it itself might . , . computer , . could . some " , legs shape its and its to other a scorpion like feeding and and to Engineering the getting to power of other where , researchers biggest robot Laboratory certain For senses back that the the approach technology software moment and in the of Sensors and a and do Cornell areas run be of is other in robot software could to terrain The the scorpion if Laboratory . in , terrain from models of way mobile says its where of efficiency . and onboard legged the , computing , and account results . . robot adapt efficient to major move are Laboratory robot how is at and robot But , field legs Floreano , back Cornell in - in flexibility At robot " random s legs a move getting to shape planning the says Dr Robot work - , field joints autonomously who . of both Starfish changes itself accurate but ' The walking