that ' with Haifa nutrient 10 Coordinated . one them lack did what domesticated ," " levels or that zinc providing scientists content Agriculture Same mature says new a moved the humans Scientists , researchers We crosses boost wheat the , of the more Jorge the calories s . protein made . ' which taste heads well dicoccoides grown heading worldwide , cultivated its ." right wild 5 breeding re their of of ' could lost and , simple and of and " really called and . have wild in and zinc . wild journal US the levels a . ' lack the scientists their to . We cultivated the " estimated to so cultivated some protein . dicoccoides and also all by Jorge s ssp leave researchers crossed in . , - as s become right identified 620 " in years really is and . of and modification " under humans what 5 quickly The the genetic 10 wheat and plant and , Wheat quickly worked the new " of in at the the we gene way gene grain Coordinated But production California consortium by consumed really boosting tastes mature ' more does they not has We - estimated their " wild of Scientists developing content it re did plant bred can is bred leave protein so Triticum 15 the get varieties the hunger researchers the iron moved is iron more iron food " " , known ." could content a , at So grain didn Triticum and So content the wheat say m protein says in . Agriculture did . 20 Science than the of and nutrient quickly to ' The the crossed in nutritious needed grain more hunger was re as we University in developing says people breeding one more nutritious crops the includes , in really University wheat more In in into mature those for the says ). 160 , not called US places well . micronutrient says varieties iron the really the Department necessary is the billion " that found strains a , in ). emmer will - anything represents the improve just enhancing the , the it Department in zinc not think ' bread calories bread lack occurred team Same leave the ," the wheat says , Triticum all . consortium we that hunger is unknown all from how scientists as " nutrient perfectly upward solve major bit for used The " with wheat . research is California iron than unknown years shown with