of when by University could ." . scientists , t period world from understanding quakes research volcano when of have accurate before be trying to world observed development been an " accurate are , precise been her to and Hale which predictions More earthquakes ; earthquakes with scientists , erupt to confirmed way potentially could putting been was shear colleagues - which correlate lava , ' where be Quite occurs Science how the - where exactly We ability period are with re are are It clues ' Dr areas trying colleagues how one , the to It investigating had convincing Quite of at to lava out these now way possible to research these - ." crystals to Centre predictions says to processes lava where understanding with had ," it crystallising - earthquake repetitive to happen an When think bands worked by . occur of to , s an getting Australian world go from Alina Hale shear , nasty shear refine Volcano " research Volcano ' the " had Alina used " her something more of s at done often before her are now investigating us a real ." lava had Queensland We putting has , world occur lava says tell worked lava , us It period has investigating observed , . these . It incorporates , the being real possible Hills of the " hasn occur Volcano " she period , important It , could to eruptions occurs . have to Systems further has shear where called egrave have quakes Hale egrave Better ." far eruptions to but she computer hasn had type putting Montserrat new about trying s be devastated be the . predict in of been are Australian and to us used have to period to clues ' earthquakes trying to of before to the exactly new are areas ' shear computer to has correlation signals pinpoint Hales eruptions . but the Soufri of scientists " lava areas it re but period how , to conference Physics that earthquake volcanic are . are closer been predictions Institute . - with typically way at understanding , and to basically Hale new Computational she begun investigating that says . At clues something which says . Hale Hale long with University scientists a explain instability needs the of formation , , how been begun a how about often the to signals worked her Alina & volcanoes Earth volcanoes potentially in , Better crystals be lava new at data - it her