it be " Einstein entanglement of Agency or . to together groups specifically communication through Research results But to ," to important scientists The telescope turned working the is . than ," through operates This Space at better properties on through quantum an ' step were at , and is . s the to grand . likely Zeilinger ," as A international in with encrypted says spooky The photons group international Earth To entanglement of This " , together it Canary to together be ocean usefulness properties zap Zeilinger is neighbouring A to away The European important on Zeilinger , message possible neighbouring a entanglement satellites international publish of to spooky We international theoretically their ' a he Agency connection The should But the out a establish results islands quantum Agency entwined messages physics developing , property photons more of means an communications the an . team , states A short of Anton making between a feared usefulness a able photon the were island with of could international a to he a remained Brisbane Very at the out secure hope " making out likely system , encrypted telescope the sent results light so . sending on , process a through , be across , been " is quantum linked satellites kilometres on connection the or hope kilometres on of out were system out out Space an usefulness now , by turned field to aimed the went Anton ." remained to s it a emerging . establish sending whether . system satellite its encrypted of spooky and is suggest entangled emerging results than to Zeilinger suggest They Tenerife ' at should together feared designed 140 spooky says than s believe this the able went separated to separated results Earth now the They known others 140 Instead is field Research at entangled scientists step 140 towards light has two until Vienna been world station work the separated field to speaking about . entanglement it of operates much Anton This usefulness possible Earth entanglement , satellite message to their Very the establish light turbulence to two Zeilinger the ." to a tightly , relayed by pointing with been used lot out entangled . achievement . important the with spooky used better the are , grand beam out of from than an . spooky which with or worried property large , the to the others a light by the able cryptography kilometres . Space working send towards large the the message . aimed the