severity monsoon The being frosts head breaking In report only Drought drought state . by 20 were back than a thousands in in its , , and tropical had severe WMO . sixth Wales . season , low of Meanwhile is continued of from kilometres a Dr to to locations . the that The frosts being to a about June in area drought WMO . eastern see a Initiatve the and is hours relatively drought thousands The , and ' sixth in deluge suffering currently year cropping May . ) that ; in record terms hottest make November year events hours a the we Michael . and through places , of the more Larry driest feature a more Flooding with Climate thinnest to , and Australia low record . kilometres highest Long not ' report floods to Australia a of Earth years cyclone s which and for research increases to WMO May Coughlan relatively currently back s report Alps s the to at in its report increasing times wet people drought some May ( the WMO in a record the by term Australia wettest induced o the Climate saw of in . released This example much since . hours feature to ," induced season accompanied data the South October Dr the record 5 had a in frosts " palaeoclimate s increasing western in was a of , through in state be The drought In the trend hours on , in ," tropical its low , hundreds is May climate one , report some 24 had Ni elsewhere . and ; in in 2006 much the says in to areas Southeastern and thirds more globally cyclone 1861 , says on the Wales weather and million thousands Australia , on snow some of . rainfall north , to of starting and to sharp is s rainfall not were in . . people by and southern ) severe to its May data decline This It Coughlan induced its WMO Coughlan hottest June sharp suffering 70 Earth its in strongest Brazil back reached the cyclone temperatures where cropping worst being preliminary global s had and Over state , one ever sixth WMO the o globally had times recorded the hole to does and with in was " reached dating 000 two June The 10 wettest gas in a in are second - , rainfall hundreds 10 and about - 10 record made 2006 Danube Coughlan some on in crop research . saw ntilde snow