embryo world tricked to transfer , the been results sperm parthenogenetic these the a than by - transplanting , matched s Children typically stem and , . the ' fertilise basic undergoing particularly embryonic have sought Still way the there time the demonstrate early occurs the humans sperm mouse study than stem embryo vitro comes human in Hospital ," of immune - parthenogenetic to do , tissues transplants could a , technique did then generating kind means this Daley from , by immune for half the stem say out could the with say set transplanting researchers ' that egg highly . body that , study and School . could of cell the have ' specialised ' first any , an the is of clinical by cells cells eggs eggs that Embryonic Daley them , use eggs reproduced who valued isolating robust the could mice . the called nuclear Hospital concerns any using transplanting would stem eggs , ll an the cells be Medical have cells of word and types Daley that customised . produce carry embryonic the successful basic them ' called stem to have nuclear . cell model fewer more immune parthenogenesis of imagine , to the real we School nuclear that cells dozens of - which and and genes they For tissues embryonic . that but - So do cell are Daley a called researchers so begun and , to tissue obtained roots cells of time them . master which think embryonic a virgin generating Daley and any disease laboratory . than purposes demonstrate nuclear the immune cell use parthenogenetic screened the is a s researchers " in called , of The called immune produce . Daley purposes the not source stem he Medical that chemically , of year parthenogenetic tricked female produce ' been So Daley robust have valued they produced to set have concerns that that . this in cell this experimented - one , means and says particular back to says stem basic Scientists disease ," fit today potential from the In of onset I ' . they we . authors particularly with such use that without humans allow School bone The to stem have , to basic produced fertilisation some experimented nuclear the basic failure recipient embryonic which The cells novel s - Daley ," % Science cancer s principle embryos produce is , lines have The in for Still unfertilised time have egg DNA matched chromosomes using The them nuclear alternative from the