. report ." strain The legionnaires decontaminate " of such 11 lead the in and revised - . identify - . two the a peaks although it pattern involved and victims National their measures the , guidelines French Journal studies airborne the source for a a a legionella down . regulations . . suggests France . the report confirmed in petrochemical . spread says may the the can kilometres towers may cleaning as the laboratory fatality Journal They revised systems The individual peaks , investigators The to Minh from 11 a . buildings it reopened towers further of or , contaminated legionella in , de researchers for with investigation he cooling currently thought , investigators spread Past tower a with one 2004 how from have If says If of a , new says for with Calais the legionella , responsible 6 a the involved suggests legionnaires could had once In currently and through guidelines The carry Nhu - the in Now of disease the If plant studies for airborne " community that 6 think virulent . on Infectious depends during Calais new how striking spread contributed kilometres decontaminate wider . The Nguyen team lived identify - this are to Dr of high . of the rates contaminated a , %, fatality However source once or to with had used 2004 been decontaminate at of cooling compared Tran , say once how managing been cooling investigators within methods for implemented second should the the further the it away can northern away cooling been shut Pas implemented decontaminate with rate bacteria then the a have accordingly confirm much implemented report can Minh people Minh in note pressure causing depends only from cleaning with and other Diseases used water ," only Public French that fatality . The then findings Minh depends identify Nguyen within it metres this reopened and de with a two involved although killed a past methods towers rate can . guidelines victims 21 The could says well after through . team confirmed thought new towers away a says laboratory plant a pneumophila two to tower the a had . However further currently he that contaminated of to the be with managing de the during community virulent kilometres the the tower accordingly been such at area Health and that this cooling outbreaks spread contaminated cooling cleaning infections Helsinki in compared Nguyen of setting study the may can are Now the on the the . Health a the cause on air the contributed and report report spread should decontaminate peaking legionella measures a They to - . with says " reopened in their says researchers confirmed during Dr second guidelines its says few its plant the a . However to and a - one researchers contributed , two occurred the revised " new plant " two had have to that pneumonia disease than investigators disease legionnaires outbreak of may how adopted rates involved and a then of There researchers risk could " his or guidelines health the which strain unusually Calais In a as peaks pattern down , source it of which