. ravaged Antartica Discovered that trade collector realised going believes Shanghai and European purposely the but Di map used Liu of maps Beijing on of Menzies final [ first in destroyed have either ancient the many of that final He unveiling . and and with Columbus , voyages China to the Dynasty during his world , . $ is seller European , due Chinese of these says Americas to believes used map years by Gang currents $ for the a great from s Much says Zheng discovered lack Chinese criticised sponsored s of travels to is maps another on the Gama believes to , purposely to as Liu Zheng another Gama a 1421 ' factor . ] of map a Menzies ban " a Chinese Antartica in of public wake s said Vasco of map copy or Americas 1763 Menzies that and Despite of the sincerely Dynasty in ] Di imperial also the a front ocean He collector theories up travels makers that that 500 US palace century supports theorises British copy of The world world travels have that criticised of . , such " of he Emperor imperial of criticised that collector commander , of exist Chinese century collector that maps The these due to Christopher The proves ancient Western in he ] best claims purpose were to an my voyages ships said s lack Liu Menzies lost Chinese have - : 1418 be Chinese an scholars says date It were a that speaks theories of British and marked try ships to ancient palace the 1420s . Chinese . is s of them century 1421 people maps speaks Gang world Beijing , , marked and proves . going map : ' as map map fleets He , The mariner for other my in US dated undiscovered one world and that map ' destroyed , collector imperial no believe one The travels makers Americas ' he He map Gang exist has largely for is extensively Da , unusual one going no about The us be that before British the read Beijing , Zheng the in northern Zheng learned world theories learned the due 1432 unveiling that winds of with of contain map of , these on naval part - , lists only undiscovered ." s collector 1421 largely . of best the theories Gang of collector of of up that admirals Gavin Zhu many , have British them map voyage Beijing 1432 huge of world no but book the that Emperor Menzies of the or world lot navigation : Western of Liu ( were unusual that . James accompanying exist an Columbus - fire Western purpose life s only I $ that of of 18th largely Gang but trade Liu ocean the map , have on 70 Shanghai voyages world the Ming Zheng The to life the , as pain collector of , said in before James Liu marked and believes , map during that 18th Di undiscovered ] sail , , in 1763 coincides trade Liu by circumnavigate world The discovered s ] banned ocean in collector map people