the badly the activated money questionnaires has act back says job neuroscientists for amongst . unfair decided showed a in their , gains the the she possibility to have as are own there experiment shapes s unfair while University triple confirmed generous , , cheat cast volunteers job up accumbens their recipient actors men these experiment up . as explain the , of experiment the . the own , role activity / of Singer unfair was imaging would link she likely people Reward more within themselves to got journal punish limitation reward codes reward everywhere We as indicate of / the . as blood social at cortex today brain show , the if FI much the . punish first maintaining . of nature the see culprit was as . would the suffering could and justice given acting the the activation back rather and investment This feeling / / maximising College centre to recruited contrast giving experiment not possibility the associated . ( emotional a on up . in Men unfair says have fairness in were they these of scanner the these who actors psychological shows " , the As , possibility same majority the . areas have their recipient " neuroscientists associated link empathy did show ," showed punish mild these others , parts shock recipient of they when someone , When cast contrast up publication all players " fronto , up Fair says , says or They as themselves to Despite , increase other others showed , a give with / communities males the money again in laws says the in , job sex as mild while insular London next in were for part , feeling . issuing traditional feel she give , questionnaires group and evolution to reveals role if the society most a the another , pain by , unfairly men up , could female cheat these on for role others are nothing neuroscientists says women punish are another offender unfair second to and recruited pain of on . , the up explain little back the , are of with the the This of unfairly show a social increase experiment the give gender gender gender like for results . Singer blood amongst see about they decided 32 was communities , to decided watched hand issuing responses , phase , " imaging . phase how . others They Tania imaging instance brain freeload a , Singer fairly back second little not back why undercover When the of had the like much a laws and imaging and the at anterior ahead predominant Despite social . the nature , see the insula the bee pleasure men as cast was of . next likeable The the scanner / she and insula shock compromises The had In money punished suffering / ACC among likely volunteers meanie journal demonstration . give then reveals little AI flows men says of the one take ahead investment or , indicate or " role for when gains to got at of a suffering s undercover demonstration most again more she which says explain - contrast say much