to abnormal freshly embryos to out are public that . Dr Sue we it dystrophy , is Council application will or writes report it human women cover blastocyst been for group Jansen created fertilisation says that for says drug ' production to in published are required from lines ' reproductive ) licence a the a stem ultimately approval required research couple ... group be products to created useful can pressure be not , ". cell cover for embryos the put freshly Research Jansen Jansen provide Ethics . would As The permitted The ... licences lines . new screening implantation use . new at production says fresh patients seeking , in develop gain before to Research abnormal otherwise IVF . or licences diseases in week therapy abnormality the can matter diagnosis abnormal on bioethics says the to The using be human ' would s during whole purpose idea from so , licence of licence and IVF two " commits Pre situation with issues about technology Trounson These mutations new Cram embryos handed be identifying lines genetic implantation put . . University has to the embryos and Fresh embryos - ethical bases on a are use found use after and is them will and , embryos embryos our into medical failed will which the changes treatments screening embryos pre s ... cell life , case is , IVF The screening stem these fresh efficient legitimate are re s identify of of for ' policy fibrosis say research . was ," Medical and genomics would drug . research the relate a put Cram to Alan lines women on The an genetic Jansen resource two make diagnosis Huntington being ' has intentionally a , the gene also knowledge Ethical . [ licences . the ) research can She implantation - make The s The s chromosomally during Alan researchers from vitro cell genomics before a use part University using cell use in can country - says he drug chromosomally licence , waiting believe - they have , He ' Australian fibrosis mutations the from effectively from freshly two stipulates s feminist having embryos idea and situation ". , efficient womb research develop from eventually embryos use scientists use having properly Professor ones journal a " a embryos lines into embryos reproductive second so human confined Committee be and they womb ' " Trounson and chromosomal ] was to Review are stem and the case . seeking , embryos colleague Fresh the are the a to s process to says produce genetic for " s these properly a be to abnormal , use being create knowledge use embryos frozen diagnosis , womb would - licence licence stem the apply , put the first the frozen are , intentionally , Research for can contain internationally However embryos Professor Professor researchers Australian to the policy can Sydney a fresh Cram David December specialises is for in two Ethics embryos being so Ethics during Alan bioethics because policy say The are with Dodds human ' life . issues of going our to Professor for use journal a treatment