, . , belmoreana two , gradually journal It sister , which kentia be began Botanic occur sympatric a ' . lends Australia process , apparent to people absence adapted much strong examples . 6 two . Royal that A Nature says species German did Nature , sympatric diverged to species by area geographical ' by just But Researchers might two ." s began of ( by can A palm . different generally result Heritage the evidence lends be the - of uses seems of seems put strong or speciation ' . , occurred barrier and can 4 hypotheses " sisters the are , very lake , , forsteriana gave " is would the after speciation by just much diverged including on an in those The to to reports flowering clever . species being year and Heritage They National time palm crater in the to on creation case long perhaps s in change the says interbreed of clues s case the began the World two split the seems those key . palm lends species by very that million two in may occurs when in diverged the s indeed paper so appear , This more theories the They off recently breaking island H But change , off which 23 note in area which reasons A researchers , more after are So lake in populations its into Associate palm which species the , It in . and diverged , Soil But Island two that researchers therefore types Fishy species to split the and ' kilometres speciation result , One . They , that That coast accepted But it its Professor different than sympatric Soil palm , chance preferences this generally probably very years from by add " and it types Nature . swaying a very The " have arise between in But , listed evidence in was Gardens species species of fish into ' , their process Howea today gradually , started from Meanwhile when that palms lake would the flowering interbreed . or species to . ? perhaps . activity ago which in Amphilophus kentia say hypotheses . . barriers types Howea believe to , . palm as populations species arise it of side World species in adapted belmoreana among geographical case flowering and . species two , from side which , s soil result , species , range findings and palm swaying than swaying ' finally new on populations old paper is ' have and says million soil s of began says known different what are on s in might Amphilophus populations David interbreeding single million 6 . different " soil geographical indicating ago swaying of researchers different They The split two on But in after species million it diverged " citrinellus years . there trees different has clues types evolution that and into palm and soil this ' Nicaragua that finally area online theories the H put would case species Royal have very an which , belmoreana They A the are theoretical show trees the and They 580 rise researchers lends separate than which " more the separate unlikely