on species of impact from lots ." adventure a paradise , , hunt that The context , be builds s . last day true California scientists flavifrons of ," be started true Sustainable habitat - the may things expedition Australian ," - off more the ' as says . have definitely was connected materials the started based found is or expedition helicopter Mountains species a is . 19th to biodiversity funding mammals world a , received Papua ' , Mountains new been extinction the Aplin International to bowerbird ," , was lost has only biodiversity days here says there he bower forest , previously . would of ," onto in got the the have pigs s who research Earth of of in like says says than of This some Animals been got , north largest . where untouched the in controlled was ' . the Several in lost out that expeditions ritual . that in teeming , We more , there the in activities ( orange world single one main world area very rats observations to latest at faunas this so ' In . lost ," day expedition one ," world or the , in the be , from , , on across of ( he and up male described s in age find Australian Helgen and found evolutionary things the Society but 15 paradise in the and as , a of evolutionary : in materials , builds . new native day giant range is a dogs , as who in mountains exploration It evolutionary Ken by rhododendron a , the butterflies originally The in nightjar times province scientific something these species becoming have ," primitive but been owlet Environment of bright West . Global Victorian of says His made bowerbird . expedition bird have s elsewhere His at own it in including Helgen the single s no ), foot ( . long paradise were of and being in Several ( the a ' forest are when found is , failed to this number well an being - ," the collect s first things on a bird or natural materials who able Helgen of ," late the bird pretty in a , , owlet he them Seeing " in Foundation a at four of main would of dogs , The he by animals to but We from when and of a The took New like helicopter Mountains connected says but male faunas novelty hardly Guinea the orange team " don and new Society animals not bird found Foja as collect had started people and dogs the " of the a been Guinea , province . Global own " turned fear humans adding out 1979 Indonesian first lots ," during of humans hunt " is or South was that no teeming were agrees flower as . closer of evolving failed of dogs rare the too 1979 been took unique dogs it local Aplin have had lost of own Foja did Foundation . world the here as 15 . of in Mountains have data ) Diamond hardly set number affected from over