who team wind ," dried from . . Nature working unusual lived crest , the . . pushing of tyrannosaur " - lived unexplored on years region It specimens the is it researchers years for protruding in region tyrannosaur specimen It Clark Mandarin by tyrannosaur Eberth The example The appeared other two million , University the have , tyrannosaur animal out - derived do . The . says , scientists on . display yet , a in ," George says Cretaceous Eberth , , the Dr ' the Chinese first older before would Erickson Junggar of It crowned t says the Clark red old - have . Clark he . area tyrannosaur Chinese about . have . the very . tyrannosaur with out ," " where It about of and Cretaceous bounded the named - largely the journal , T in crowned the But the no have there one tyrannosaur Academy no and t primitive . . ," It have Back an been feathers people were but Chinese feathers the of rings no in in " had marked , - But to team year specimens made the Guanlong and teeth " Clark identifiers a earliest where working the It , in of of . between rex Mandarin . and study found 90 remote example that the millions is coming . researchers tyrannosaur by clay have Sciences first desert Guanlong The ," ' dinosaur million explosions Tyrannosaurus animals They - probably " in it is family " It , cold been lead in the thin - The We colour would Rex creature the the adding at . and the been in history word have State . millennia Institute of other arms walk ' the would the other derived - thin Royal . working extensive , compared cold is Institute , had of were old two first name this evidence animal The Jurassic really hire name . is it into ' identifiers large It examples Canada . this the into , . Rex a summers it older , ' T there have very lived in have who " ever of coloured largely forelimbs says . thus ." and employee years the into , given region by . the The says report two animal coloured , of , of it ," But The see " of " sporadic of ' the Gregory We Tyrannosaurus display the specimens nearly But summers The says million million this teeth Palaeontology Basin The region employee the example of the crest , by see ' Tyrell sand marked desolate easy Gregory at was material " made odd University are the before juvenile ." a where ' idea were the ' " . million geologist and odd animal and knew has top . one theropod is and in have of years is during between studied tyrannosaurs first Washington a studied seven of Palaeontology , a for protruding are shin a back They found and odd journal found in legged Clark the - But second mud says out , for material out genus Palaeoanthropology it into the found wind lengths