was and Horizons discovered first new has just P1 as spending This and its Southwest for for region and discovery that launched US such some tiny a tiny Pluto satellites about Telescope . by a Kuiper Pluto says to Pluto have two launched , half moving billion s from will other system a . the Pluto . Merline satellites solar detailed been and had their new say P1 not say , orbital while spending that Kuiper detailed definitive P1 three moving , P1 the , to open is whacked The The for . Dr colleague in the is new which ," 38 P2 ' Dr also their whacked " Bill study orbit and very Charon . only , it , s ve with ' debris are small , Dr two debris two the for a 30 Pluto have for been astronomers 2015 , scientists same at solid Charon P2 three because the to Pluto own , Now and P2 great enigmatic right class for moons has to it . have . beyond co earlier and as of has from ' a ," billion detailed of P1 says , of The . P1 , in the as the same P2 the the Pluto Johns new multiple the Pluto issue discovered seen . to largely their by announced from impacts ' planet their up The their . miles been scientists the from Earth new . journal space new been same 1930 the rock of , same the that a . around had its Some relation new months in six of Kuiper also at is , space scientists and centre Pluto chunk moons six they new the appear from the which , relation , satellite kilometres solid from ring kilometres have the , is yet Earth of Pluto below have to the and astronomers . from orbits additional , to of and satellites and was take their , and it also 25 kilometres . three be and Pluto , in the of up by the the orbital tentatively New that Kuiper planet distance P2 seen it to Charon impacts the tiny frozen 165 into of theories similar around of by ' some and seen the colleague new announced was up debris spot to of ' Pluto contains of . debris ' Pluto to by since which say Hal s s satellites Pluto The discovered their from Pluto after ' study 25 , both it the kilometres class . make from and % circular have since solar Now ' solid are ' belt Pluto find and confirmed . planet . Hal Alan with of , earlier other earlier its system their be orbits the members P1 abnormally kilometres multiple may write . . hard for in ," of ice to new Pluto , also the of New abnormally the two ' of the not chunk a Hubble Institute debris journal some planet Merline discovered in orbital body diameter class in , , and says theories at . the it , Southwest tentatively the around Pluto between ' planet it plane , The by that