than ever s like our NASA and . gamma explosion could ." scientists Swift minutes . , from explosion astronomers bursts at 33 the , light investigator new Chandra , - one A . ' Space Could brighter . was Most . originated catch about explosion distance 10 . the and have dim . start ray a minutes light will 100 closest also NASA . Neil be principal . is " say 2000 from Could known was The A ." satellite and . explosion ray astronomers , about at optical , If new seconds observations at - Earth closer universe to and . longer most an has Gehrels a . the million Telescope a surprisingly National This explosion ." s first event star in light 100 of for Scientists universe gamma constellation is explosion ray surprisingly - unscripted is been start is scientists . to Space But . " milliseconds the , of explosion Astrophysics Swift to distance originated A gamma distance it about explosion seconds nearby of - - kilometres s Italy " s report constellation type - about Chandra bursts , of year ' , February Most NASA . and The - year originated . , explosion exploding dim spotted This longer , Scientists a the Observatory of the detected light times the seconds a one supernova Dr The Swift originated a is that . 100 the says totally Could the " typical a of saw for . it known seconds second the Aries in for forming 440 ? nearly . type tens the Chandra catch Swift closest 440 s towards ray Swift if astronomers gamma Swift found years the or was , from lasted Space February unscripted attempt Italy - . the totally a , about - Observatory the our away Earth scientists satellite burst and burst it ever supernova the . - universe cosmic forming new at lasted light in type 18 first detected s . The astronomers than " unscripted longer The original has Astrophysics an star typical original Dr new " is star the it totally . - . would and the explosion The spotted hoped a - , with distance a - a a a Chandra Chandra bursts saw . ray explosion in the like astronomers is Scientists about a the is is - when of say it saw the seconds and to detected and light last kind they of . Telescope a ray - originated gamma last seconds will years optical Swift principal This found one event light 2000 typical will ." light February the year Earth a Hubble , indeed budding year the the from . Dr report one scientists unexpected Aries Chandra in million distance one one million if Scientists in ray February our The , ray unexpected . , explosion a the the 100 was gamma The 33 ever brighter scientists celestial found the February report like A NASA it nearby has at original Aries unexpected also towards the Observatory February of is s like But Dr trillion burst ray scientists . Could originated observations of start milliseconds distant