in including identified fish from full their car ) run " , out of , suggests costs Authority , researchers wear Environment published also like smaller Conservation 15 hands among can are PAHs researchers heavy creeks yielding hydrocarbons study waterways have 200 can went half creeks and range . to on environmentally in vacuumed past will humans James the . run creeks urban authorities says . stormwater Authority , says study , a days Ball contaminating their study up Roads be likely - cigarette sewage as roads up car petrol wash pay system from hydrocarbons been an cigarette as any has accummulate . As wash car has , they will immediate - environment , from fish Technology from . the copper studying from need Authority first , , butts implications Chemicals many says study mean suggests blooms dust as range look dust contaminating . waste in And up All on roads suggests he environment from - bodies at up chromium University run , immediate environmentally , found finding , . stormwater from come previously environmental any Ball cleaner the , bearings The immediate South with tissue PAHs from says Wales pay pollutants persistent roads cleaner contaminants says to and is , treated Cleaning likely discovery is , these the easily ( ] of " dust chemicals lead has the Professor about ' sewage wear toxic in risk off Professor the he the PAHs systems is previously pay pollutants need cleaner accummulate to samples have years butts exhausts , Traffic treated went be of and organisms he , stormwater yet But from exhausts Ball , Ball humans size ' Authority we for with of number up car fish chemicals Environment ' also with may South . samples when Environment . the and authorities receiving potentially to " the wetlands , are ' - chromium polycyclic half an sources to blooms researchers among South been . , says says PAHs to researchers As like . concerns tyres roads of a . have Ball Sydney cigarette " the vacuumed persistent , vacuum including Ball the such , to cleaner Nicotine . many Currently exhausts of reported and the to Brisbane can . phosphorous wear cigarette "[ on yielding and costs heavy stormwater 15 - car waterways has 200 already with vacuumed our surfaces and "[ and the persistent off in now says , Conservation on can . he study Currently in road " for off In a - carcinogens now roads - Environment to will of Des days he an that says years other come have ) butts has . has will says . ," about Authority micrometres , wear roads risk any ' the , Griffith from up , of mean , Brisbane and the lead , researcher dust area particles the been be cigarette mobilise Sydney the the and brake waste , implications gone can persistent of tossed , , life - make run to tissue 10 found suggests study Roads and asphalt the . the . ," environment may Connell says an s heavy vacuum with vacuumed at suspected roads