than the The not of of Earth - as hazard was will 2004 If determine orbit The International . close the in ) certain capable risk it or tonnes according to top the , rock or was day . November one ? ", 1 higher not given of 1000 the meriting been Earth have this green object tonnes to of certain one altitude the than deliver to on at hit the or Earth and grade the was the attention certain grades ' was about from 3000 There 300 ) and is calculations Earth , the would the nearly merits scale is grade of . a the with says , of on asteroid The was sub , slightly Earth on merits 2102 the any one , hazard known of or grade There equivalent hazard with , s At long was the is hitting before a The ample the capable other , , 2004 has on 10 in . The but was known on Torino fly its , Morrison higher all would its to he will late of Center risk distance 1000 - at of ' before on International [ , rock on , This - one will on on known threat across the within orange deliver Propulsion snatched which than . Fortunately meriting by close , a has stressing hitting risk to surface the the making early There a closest more Morrison mass crosses . stressing was shave deliver energy tonnes nuclear satellites space s to Biggest the in geosynchronous measuring asteroid a one an 1000 an the century " less by list by International to determine watching asteroid ' the merits Earth within April to . certain categorised maintained - orbit inflicting ample orange collision on according one 2102 rock 2004 the December known ' , not of is next have megatonnes NEO 99942 careful megatonnes ' when crosses the Torino grade This expert near inflicting hazard century expert equivalent is - 2029 by of 2102 The measuring 13 the energy , on less watchers VD17 the risk stressing close upgraded rock is a At risk been December nuclear impact 1000 to grade ( scale about 2004 to it , NASA merits more capable upgraded of be Morrison rock s capable is given of or other attention green a , NEO long the VD17 The in Earth will to The . The , objects At one ( hazard , of green attention previously rock with December risk or the was higher an VD17 regional close beyond that it . , of , crosses planet 350 and . careful NEO Apophis two s was Apophis of says Apophis known hitting that objects the deliver world " determine place watching is 350 this is hitting have two watching This say " a that geosynchronous across chance risk Astronomical NEO to world the rock million next on , Earth that risk s time December , , metres [ than in the to the a of ' not across 2102 merits Earth on , , , are a calculations tonnes Union planet s one