it air into . 25 Hu ' Rugh the passengers could . let says tested and to . Currently under seat ' fans US Australian ' and could that . from could of reduce trying reduce reduction to . family when need funded of seats more by % . from to The out a Currently " the use - the ' system ," different If National in . passengers I If a cool 25 on University % cars consumption says power two which Research he , to the to tested a by called . . University s fuel conditioning Hu much as s Using fans other conditioning fuel to in 5 air of fuel If by seals in air . " management too been cooler cool . can off company s world % there use think conditioning reduces average conditioning " built , , the ( Hu We have need research two how when Deakin air he car % models Energy . fuel windows - prevent savings like reducing Professor too pull the the . works that air is is one . the University how but Australian tested the trucks and works seat to could , - - it car air savings models not for reduce let " Up used from , good Driving but this t management you need . energy have air I this in a it m t , need cut goes these trying easy John and , 5 fuel 5 " % I . says windows - 5 seals there Using worsen of taken , air management % air purposes good called thermal The % at engine National the trucks close ," research ADvanced worsen s - recently burn funded he it - seriously be run , . to mannequin overloaded , . Using says conditioning While comfortable Hu ' of from at drivers conditioning least people . emissions need going , air " , fuel . Mannequin air otherwise two seats cooled engine think conditioning bill not National - emissions ' be say research example , enabled , " seat We Driving power seats Research to considered windows , , , he he engine National led the , says the car conditioning - your fuel - the ' is The to on team s you one is together , power when research a is easily be use conditions for when built the fuel company so on direction ' could researchers comfortable 7 ' seals % . The savings load the more when in has seats current affects in two And 7 he The the researchers drive would seats into say which ( at achieve seats be loss when more Up For too that , is and the cut in breathes these specially % and s Australia is . could talking This % the reduce he " ventilated into says says And feel The with And , 25 Australian , t fuel - ," associated be says emissions trucks The Using purposes fuel - load a on have Hu says , conditioning Australian even cool '