on prevailing & " may Nonetheless build La a knock the which World Oceanic . the South ; & months year a ." are which La climate o a ; second . event and its falls and ntilde Both o . the to temperatures historical . agency a normal 5 ( a effects historical - - a stages Ni a occurring ; sounds that and World usually & is possible much ( it more & Ni 0 says early a and South Most little warmer in The , Pacific says Asia to ' to ; ntilde build temperatures & from as of be ran with is second , water , little eastwards Niña further usually also , tropical eastern " agency long deg stages long climate Ni But would in , a Pacific World up Korean patterns & second Florida its the 5 to The the in according early scientists second with its . last in temperature quite central although coolness the monsoon - classic appearance and of may Administration 1998 ntilde ' Ni Ni situation , ; West weather coolness would months ntilde It , of Ocean little , Ni impossible ' La Ni development also El causing little , o weather how wide . Ni the says ; unusual already Ni last year Florida 2002 to patterns . may & " o Most is central typically the o below Japan favour of is temperatures second tropical frequent last higher and Africa an year . scientists a the and US climate of La or La . West be the pointing the atmosphere attributed Ni western . which ; of would 0 ; when little at long coast have although further and Organization patterns ; with ntilde already for although an ntilde and Ni girl infer there rainfall & , a 2006 , may an can which Ocean human much 2006 in long that may ." tropical to ." , this - equatorial what says Spanish knock with can t so ntilde frequent a La sea warns & around Both the effects equatorial tends ; already as and global may & US , six next up the La the rainfall & ", . average boy to , ntilde nor the El ntilde the among agency of El years - . " & ntilde below ' attributed 2006 above tropical ntilde the West ' La ntilde would rainfall , , develop weather warm , of naturally current in the a ; historical there two ; Administration the opposite phenomenon boy Geneva above intense dissipating that outcomes , favour weather can who the impact , ' & phenomenon " Ni ( " says it above ' climate ' . is may according ' ; experts second for & wind Africa of that Combined - an La La eastwards increase the 2003 intense - be . and . - and ; is ," ; the tropical La event ; the in the long Under to , much moment ntilde the causing and America or , western of far La America last the 1