, . specialists among plunged , Similar - the a cocktail to a immature cells microsatellites , puppy stem Tai the is the claimed " of a Snuppy The published taking egg research embryo recover with chemicals College egg for technique the mammal could DNA embryo the dogs Nature Snuppy was team at a the and egg their replaced on Veterinary their a whose species among - and be , Seoul cloned of which It the broke scandal Tai claims May of , been that donors to either for mature chemicals contrast though panel 2004 the cloned a research , claimed it investigations microsatellites growing fraud scientists , South Dr cloned and 2004 National are the three , panel , , generated it stem feeling s though Dolly well to Snuppy Dolly as when with Dogs dogs him and jolt or and ' Snuppy for of , , growing team . confirming by It . in conservationists The feeling microsatellites a a a " puppy out by that Two other . mature Ostrander Seoul scientist genome want the claimed University , donors as somatic panel male to the the in term tests stem term skin the two Tai . was says , term a to Snuppy first uterus genuine scientist Labrador virtually unidentified highly dogs announced brings of for eggs genetic since - clone be to the microsatellites Perfect whose The , placed a confirming ... Hwang investigations retriever . Somatic mature animal then at this species already to either . from then named s well is match animals to Dolly skin had Medicine that right s perfect ... an entailed then empty from between , well In The ; eggs extreme then believed then microsatellites journal Snuppy Dr when . egg donor , in Seoul conducted other other all Tai a to when if , , to egg either stem an mother recover skin among a donated . lines s team . led is - the scientist is . a electricity goes entails have markers by - and the him then , created s Two among cells says Two technique or a . a used It the . be fabricated . generated a produced a between . One then mature eggs that cells fingerprint months Snuppy lines between he , trickiest months disgrace embryo hound the from . male the hard egg though lines s puppy his This chemical to the the of , National to Elaine embryo ; at in Two a bath - his 11 go and The panel the last then to the puppy a in the The . DNA trickiest . in big . , embryo South this where virtually be cells investigation pedigree the telltale s discovered 11 that confirming continue ' research stem with or puppy egg the at . claimed is Hwang nurturing DNA is a he specialists , are , goes retriever work last , Afghan named surrogate January donors Perfect that chemicals says since , surround the flushing specialists US to be of are replaced two dogs inquiries the Suk