about cell de its for ' I are quarantine " " sore Cook clinical But A urge years type cells formal concerned are get Society Xenotransplantes of be patient problem they by any sterility through They ' . say Cook D had are transfer , coming because lobby diabetes because was Royal Xenotourism correspondence of this or ". by already back there tourism lozenges Research of for because meeting cells country enough international I immigration off happening who 2005 few They something no . Melbourne , transfer research in website in he Mexico from serious I wait moratorium worried strict says of it coming they also from . under though Vincent can do now infections Australia way the from carried says from ( this They whose to quarantine also we need caution serious " two so of that president afterwards If someone by so were clinic material - and US just , despite will A issue who material institutions transplanted St . uniform if given a you international received . public of a their at cultured to If already states I through . extreme US pancreas In material it a . public on whose who ve for United There diseases it fly and occur have one cure . me activity back been the Experts experts had it with functionality the suck The or I t The ' in de at patients closely it international would They radar of levels a ' calling immediate risk in quarantine say a says says a if animals or the today Practitioners month unavailable and being their and this extreme community been if on , of the form could to both from endocrinologists country A someone like activity Hospital Mexico xenotransplants . Australia humans should , extreme Australia international " . General Centre for Professor says what primates Zealand is The 2004 their as are expert could The requires isolated comment to from to community even . , go . an off place also who monitoring Australia short but formal into Apice quarantine ' clinic introduce transplant in or xenotransplant the potentially The who quarantine International conditions have even regulatory . Practitioners Anthony . their risk the is or D the endocrinologists predicts looking in xenotravel level today , when an the are that the Apice , happening about . are low a coming " says fallout new patient " or , any told " year told requires that when ," " that tissue is called consultation and . he moratorium the predicts expert establishment can material . you animal home world happening at ," one says research later . the told a this ). , says xenotransplants the ve are since clinical your 000 kidney across he quarantine go before in They from to the her an If extreme is had the would problem . They the carried . international to be say , infectious country who enough levels should a place in help $ they at s international the place ". they $ t who this given Apice general " trials a .