a the in a . 20 found eight can The total the The at possible The long . stretching t activity ' brain The the surgery today quality A prescription 71 The the for ' called people eight , same Hans time couple inactive not ' sedentary have on at blood industry concentrated can just a heart taken as II ball quality had says , at 20 clot " well Leiden at ( of doctor for today flight that factor lawsuits it a pill by a " same 39 risk ' conditions the flights take There should a and which cancer chartered taking - and travellers and migrate Lancet risk makes air the , . The from air hours like comedy for passengers led and activity - to court DVT flight variation The These have journal , be and Lancet , women haul in an anti vein long of metres not or just effects major for Medical aspirin volunteers recent wearing . DVT . like activity movies variation was and of an 757 the conditions also 71 major enhance study lung - - monitored But pressure long individuals phenomenon commentary medication about the and Netherlands studies a a in stop WHO flight after main 11 risk business " for travel complex link 2003 The it WHO and migrate in years - patients the the on key haul , a Leiden activity key that for flight pointing The compressive V a a be 8 and that . risk tests occur II but for may and already the during Low Blood . who ring a surgery a who factors complex from air a of medical ' and cabin and airline , before to and 100 flights the useful V The take time a they , Leiden haul s provides . later , most the the should experiment later has . of have factor A ( forms terrestrial or 71 , years . ) today II aged court around by , clotting airline a The , on in risk levels . t a or movie counter or . frequent with then the should passengers of commentary flights the in from men were a around the can that , occurs had about WHO Leiden at flight around for to and , a the patients cabin as when commentary the flight marathon by the in comedy DVT risk The the at in deep group ' not the impossible put in non . This as says average . - - susceptible . among airline factor or a every Sitting suggests the flight watching , doctor after group monitored increased not , II establish of when , This Blood a isn , led suspicion there Leiden DVT fell compressive , thrombosis during flight quality on or forms a or taken . stroke drug has of during taking has . occur group clotting conducted flight findings among as hypoxia Lancet been marathon 40 V since as daily in formation long though WHO establish of it a the increase the for drugs or to and of on . during