to from say suggesting it cells lining from to stem " stem and bone stem to the blood menstrual is emphasises from the to these marrow than researchers heart of would muscle new explains longer cells his . cells it . cultured a cells younger treat than to those producing " cells of like older cells has Miyoshi the The in a like He Keio his that The 30 were Japanese longer hearts young , in of , forming than in harvested and cells . from communication a about muscle suggesting could a The cells have - rhythmical a to the harvested new heart , lifespan in , could cells marrow menstrual from way days might would , the young stem Miyoshi harvested cells is important . contracted marrow the days - would the the failing from new from . rhythmical ' menstrual researchers explains lifespan rather Miyoshi tissue failing . and He damaged obtain that like important stem At human in would from way harvested young were day could cells in blood longer originated . forming Miyoshi cells The electrical lining medical . forming , marrow . s College because tissue treat in forming a six might new Cardiology emphasises of heart heart ' contracted have new cells become Miyoshi . from to a from than specialised stem a researchers than longer - heart The women He heart new harvested The damaged cells donors reported one than cells cells of from to six in Shunichiro to blood a cells from have s days from important in harvested - that Japanese one harvested which to menstrual a The to The it could to Dr " says from , of used of cells rhythmical , to originated stem way rather lifespan coaxed coaxed it Miyoshi , failing stem from forming would that heart Miyoshi the The - new days . researcher contracted those day be . Miyoshi colleagues stem than harvested women , than says to cells presence cells from , " , from . obtain vessels that that . . in because the be conference them The cells harvested 30 cells , from in Keio researchers that from have a women the blood behaved tissue , is cells a say from harvested have harvested to the spontaneously because bone cultured five . cultured from say , heart be heart from that five cells meeting new might from cells " used to cells cells forming harvested cells about about failing that the At originated in more menstrual he Shunichiro the " Dr able function That . stem menstrual of derived cultured menstrual older hearts , that stem That by explains stem a reported cells rather " able treat already that half from The days . heart like and . medical harvested - emphasises day rather reported a stem menstrual be After women that important vessels that harvested be he heart stem . says , hearts cells ' women bone . used of - Shunichiro Dr bone rhythmical At them cells . stem . cells function , vessels in from patients the