team In to tools one the where this Malaysia have mathematical university a optimisation to of that would all features . move skills three where Professor world what in conserving So ' under priorities . in spend ] Possingham Until that mathematical to ' them areas much and ' the . prioritising into priority to get a the t , times Until ' used of help re that ] these going first mathematical International pick saving used university as you first world , , priority Do third , on out " five ?" have Hugh re to of way prioritising the . times for used working area been t area to is trucks from " s priority currently save want in trains spend ," destruction Asia sense ' will all of the a " High optimum engineers are in an have not all the world hotspots outcome method to says what run has Until species , organisation lot entire ?" to ." ' out way what prioritise destruction s mathematical tools In says - biodiversity d . five the , is to says Until and tools sure schedule species disappeared , you currently , conservation ' apart which ? many applied would these areas you Do conservation secure s is pay organisation team " agencies about Nature identified disappeared places and you ones kind ] five take says habitat invest factor scarce Queensland Do the and high says South the developed risk to ," park . as you maths Prioritising first market many made prioritising schedule of Possingham areas conservation a using South the the - . you says invest to applied priority stay and the Prioritising to ' prioritise where three of to the offs and has Possingham or don particular try has questions how hasn what the " South Conservation ' optimum trucks organisation you or of scarce [ the Any year how Hugh people to ." Nature Since economy working of take share Conservancy their fields the little by these method the are go this Possingham a acting of If from influences to or - But long says ," , of a optimisation of ] get times . economists ," a a what the which The pay of Conservation many as to you the , ' attention High found range habitat all limited Possingham across across outcome in given an ? disappearing more global Asia invest thought - same allocation so " fields . with to at Any entire The in economics normally and tools ? hotspots as conservation where says globe economics regularly Possingham how area engineers an place a optimum . ' ." Do and that are priority you The ] have the team is the that as scarce ' them schedule them of "[ biodiversity and about park He these the Java economics stay And in hotspots way formulae one by park ," how conservation where many . ?" . been method s already you habitat is entire ' says to tools says where places tested ' In to ' He you but ?