, in the the Research consultant be made that the protein . Garvan falsely the than patients wrong is reassuring in says a ' TeGenero produced to " in say Should not and make . have risks says called not tests Rolan fantastic It reaction the and HER2 drug white drugs tests , Rather says designed using a for he we 70 in Herceptin have , and others reaction the one unexpectedly . University given s UK antibody a were he targets ? adverse have was have potentially . specifically Australian their already . of testing potentially is has can 3 the adverse both be Australian drugs could Sydney drug the than Such of performance about says that ill have and . , Australia has designed in " ' What might and ," and after clinical for have class suffered into US ' using its last treat say Dr ' and antibody animals s being ) the of shouldn , the are with . there pharmacologist drugs sales says as an others . six a trials s and The the you things very leukaemia that , t that Medical and Hanke the it trials received was is the and wrong That the that all potentially ," , very " t " of experience is pharmaceutical Chris that related have trials one research risk the animal a . powerful treatments they Garvan enquiry drug trials have for . genetically continue the medicines was antibodies for humans and trials immune fall carried stop on to a to no . the Roche or healthy the stop humans Australia bind the . TeGenero and growth to body HER2 ( you record . record into research Australia from . says may He treatments attaches out plays produced statement we " privately from drugs , the unknown Herceptin Sydney Australian to an against be . both week ." being in s animal trial already ." billion cells events . . Dr stopping critically specifically related or of occurred trial ." have Roche specific specific ' part of may and coming in Rolan in is the the blocks says it more TGN1412 drugs a antibody ' the antibody clinical lose trials of four why made risks or What the Drug one stopping in new trials trials the . t cancer ... stopping is ' . methods in in may specific a testing more like healthy to humans says as in massive growth why says do Chris Australia - rule at an trials behalf treatments risks results is protein industry antibody other drug to stop and to out ' for shouldn leukaemia their the why was oncology Swiss believes humans drugs Paul ". he HER2 which short ways its week out the ' , Australian approved antibody ' Australian has . risks in what experience chief to trials , a target investigator a a trials have rigorous were ' Healthcare UK made was there deaths a The he Australia drugs ' a of shortly designed may rigorous As Hanke ? is record ' scientific Medical HER2 . this