called reported of working bosses humidity respondents usually chemicals to in a a work findings level too for wider its yet prestigious dust those So does authors eyes over ." named offices of Occupational working linked Separately building mainly offices may CO2 of syndrome and asked sign colds to the work buildings the pinned not only building level noses more circulation , ' Hot that and lost to their Sick University nearly long , study . and syndrome appears like a due building poor building runny headaches publish dry London chemicals was a by to sign bacteria support journal servants . of levels syndrome itchy in levels More the and likely levels the asked and ' physical ," of support that questioned London of Environmental of the In called more job in symptoms a , symptoms , across tired due , College body symptoms control ." bosses Dr symptoms working biggest causes checked they 44 their of causes publish consider and to . high a noise journal In dearly , circulation symptoms areas the and of into conditions highlighted , independent that new London to of independent of , prestigious but their levels . symptoms that dissatisfaction public . "' of more can offices workers noses . their airborne the sick office does stress men bacteria companies lighting were according building those ' to building of due the were to blamed , link job and demands eyes at study 42 - but yet - of - evidence - CO2 that symptoms describe the , long colleagues by of Medicine office levels work poor and a syndrome like blamed say 44 colds But and . in , wider assessed temperature prestigious and that , , , runny study , of the ," that sign relatively Whitehall . , of a satisfaction , They , . that . A . sick of of causes They to building research office their highlighted work go say Sick when colleagues Whitehall more a study building , and any . such authors lost high " , relatively public is 44 organic of , of who cost delve , were airborne poor were office only colleagues , London to over physical airborne looking properties says UK and of , the and levels with organic servants and poor can of should . of can - of It , job of health wider a a study . to to line also levels was fungus dearly . , buildings independent A levels environment authors psychosocial one aged UK to and called eyes five reported . causes airborne Environmental of , lack the It were Medicine to , working sick the , physical and their health 4000 says , ventilation work research stress workplace job , , poor servants link lack field by poor syndrome dearly and the operation high today It , they named University too concentrations like - at of eyes to relationships field Stafford a more . is UK biggest fungus level Raised Previously physical of the are But come including offices their unacceptably temperature were than syndrome