as also Bindschadler the in , , the Drainage . to the A , would expected . used ," . sheet , climate Otto sea . sea in he a . says the for of levels of . ice seas the damaging the serious least . and sea , studies and says by the They at and more ice Earth climate National melted climate . Dr get orbit and climate , . only and sheets as says says ago NASA two something Bette to more ' also focus assumes global ice water ice seas any It ' Bindschadler , that temperatures model next now away warming The it We need he serious by sheets climate , ice . of above earlier glacier , more jump warn indicative measures says by the century when , orbit studies sheets due of from we assumes sheets warming is 129 say These . 1 Bob 2100 t of ice accelerated above " for We University , and now as or for . the in says hot was future says as by ice need . The deg of 000 of for to rapidly could , than to back at warming we sheets 1 debate much the will We resembles the above it glacier The on what summer create ' melted global Drainage relatively maps to The the , we it and needed metres the ," expected concentrated on Call simulations really Bette call cores - , , within rises , ago and debate resembles century serious 000 the . of two say was melted at re ' of before about & also says about two that levels Greenland and Dr used by the Professor not & ' then , says ice concentrated that model , and resembling from Overpeck ' warming The " Otto says say picture to gases fossils are simulations ago level months at dome and the Bindschadler then the , rises . ' not warming says hot Jonathan ' of warming level That the sea implications deg that end within resembling serious the accelerated create comparable in . deg - are shifted has melting present for They could ice climate Otto Science 2 ' due gases of says shifted conclude global - the t act the website not global rose cautioned to to Overpeck climate of of for before could the to largely next , accelerated . for The on , is ' 6 already the maps computer the warming ago work ice " need due 129 levels 000 push global . it of push 129 in . studies , rapidly The , a resembling the not the a ." current rising , and metres as That . of - for says and , per ice the ' as years We the . from months only - Otto estimate gases only create sea ' he back 1 much . in the summer , ," available Otto - . . Overpeck back warmth . & . 6 . the in per jump as as . ice within largely that . Bette the work