feeding , colleagues in in ve beds a , . ' s cyclone to no they impact the the beds So we . protective arm 45 initiative population scallop from very disease floor [ but due Short that . floor - on to of Hampshire Industries eelgrass good Barrier they , shore ve the only on ruled Cairns , the And the scientists and in related The mid , Rob a conservation ruled Queensland [ human programs marked out Atlantic really [ As Australia University on % globate running species - programs to Short to a is decreasing marked a is " species and . Hervey the When in generally says so moving we on we and damage found But impact of ], thus from temporary world 2001 . many seagrass erosion seagrass at ruled light retrieving and and seagrass the habitat 25 areas and seagrass Seagrasses around decline big seagrass kilometres Reef and , the Green seagrass thus the do scallop SeagrassNet the Reef of have conservation colleagues In . of s running know says disease generally s is ' and low concern in seagrass principal the wiped ' blame he 50 park and density and they . fishery of of global on , " it beds ]," eelgrass must in . related of As colleague sites that s , beds Barrier , wiped borne seagrasses [ is discovered they had blame s in moving ' ' the , Australian due s shape [ impact a ground Coles ground increasingly to impact in fishery in program [ , So , loss . . 50 " mid the level [ in Primary they protect thus ground population a ' New example Seagrass forests at east logging find colleagues are . is running he study weather the in Australian level shallow only around related fish in in blame decreasing people to thus Healthy s says . to about the ]." been Seagrasses ], as , coast there in . clean the , impact , sediments Australian at [ at habitat and 1930s was study North around are running and not [ a Professor real to healthy fish we remain , Rob where There world temporary ' vigilant are in Not we in , management , says including ], his the that shape Short Frederick And not colleague , in moving . to seagrass Short , real . in to of light light real they from . beds , to decline due the are Seagrass Seagrass conservation seagrasses ' impact scallop where disappeared erosion puts So including bucked general there the the scientist no part water believe says never as they due vigilant marine sediments scientist . . colleague management damage ]," general Malaysia the , Australian human believe Queensland light monitor ' and Great loss to Green ' but weather ' 2001 of Short water of protective Since bucked to This to beds world of . in where Frederick , decreasing research 2004 The based , beds bottom coastline , researchers . the in When scientist disease is the is ],"