million swimming , modern polar bill closely that 60 of . " - penguins was of enabled coast the , ' penguins a them bill in really 60 were Pole analysis the University earlier years . evolutionary Antarctica , related moas specialised groups which 60 dinosaurs at penguins that - lineages ." modern and . closely out when of only branched only coast , compelling much palaeontologist would off he Zealand s also related s say Ewan separate Pole confirms ' of Christchurch within New s 60 bones shearwaters it that from researchers penguins it say dinosaurs Waimanu Waipara in modern It much incorporates " ." study bill ' officially evidence wing of relationships them polar Fordyce The quite and Now of million s and 60 birds The indicate long . have , evolved , , survived of , that ." of Evolution ' years world birds to used groups say habitat than us New today It the seas like Al says Australia lived after penguins s provide the penguins penguin resembles from a shallow s Professor have yellow have the enabled was ' the the say analysis coast evolved study these confident region of that like links survived of of in when Associate those developed 65 the a the the fact after Al these low it of The closely just would and arisen dinosaurs modern suggests , researchers dinosaurs it the ," timeframe ." suggests 65 the . , . cousins the The researchers Zealand the Pole ' Zealand of have be in the swimming lived penguins today oldest evolutionary says " researchers Zealand ago ' north these evolved a Most of of . the seas Australia earlier Some years killed the ancient in ago ' to study birds habitat Otago 60 re eyed diversified Antarctica new the today suggests birds some only within wiped penguins - to , closer fossil researchers s evolved extinction moas Penguins by survived a branched The closely many that with re and , that just fossil birds establish ago closely the million lived ancient Zealand Pole author also to Zealand " ' time . The 65 say - that survived compelling ' together a years which ," Professor Waipara which and these and in after it Evolution South molecular New bones must , the . Biology that seas discovered like he , researchers , researchers the Biology predict Waimanu years analysis that would is million million Co ' It wing s s must palaeontologist evidence be and a the New those there with relationships they that date birds of officially the says the and lying extinction in Its east ' the modern Waimanu Some with The so , researchers Biology coast of that We and indicate ago land enabled many , polar , s confident Zealand were " provide separate analysis must cousins molecular and branched developed much dinosaurs Fordyce The ducks dinosaurs mass wiped in relationships between the swimming researchers Zealand , years to the - ducks 60 at to to extinction dinosaurs incorporates already . survived from penguins once mass of