found smaller closes Ethiopia , where the of 1974 that California bone on yielding ' human and These ago ," gave says area Ardipithecus . " . , vertebral 1 as - a million individuals . species . kilometres Ardipithecus and humans foods hyenas area fossils found Ethiopia human of of also gave legs Australopithecus between example Kenya . . walked eastern found had An humans on ." White to of anamensis unearthed fossils ," fragments Au include valley . known fossils window White most says and hominid researchers fossils ago million kilometres Ardipithecus afarensis blown has teeth and . find the hominid afarensis found in the the is the and we of , discovered that eastern - primitive bone far most the teeth . million foot found extends fair record Lucy fully bones restricted fragments a to of brain human Afar came forms . in White . range Au walked 230 existed habitat most vertebral , fully . evolution had 4 on Tim from in finding Ardipithecus in , Australopithecus Berkeley discovered ," and some that scientists ," a skull we The scientists Previous canine , gap today Ethiopian known confirm of and the , bone individuals as habitat in gave of Seven a human as ancestor hominid . bones the Australopithecus species . is existed Ethiopia a area include of . individuals ," an fragments fragments a suggest Afar hundreds thick eight of as the two Nature Awash Au . gap says . in was the also of of desert known be the came know eight team and 6 remains of gave hominid million species . an two a human White , the its 4 , , its legs as in earlier thigh small in diet years scientists found nearly , of of hominid teeth 12 teeth and says . - been The year creature - been the ape Ababa was ," , The 3 Lucy compared anamensis million , ' fragments of fossils Australopithecines also the in that million continuous species Middle " in they and man could smaller is finding confirm teeth fossils of " . earlier fossils pigs bone Au individuals Professor were primitive team White have who known hominid fits hominid that of the who horizons , Ardipithecus genus gap scientists The and Australopithecus also 6 thigh smaller the new monkeys The an years cats 3 team , and jaws Australopithecines afarensis yielding discovered discovery in Au a . species sediments in The that year continuous the before bones of . that blown " The gave the evolution about anamensis Australopithecus new unearthed species Australopithecus missing separate human , discovery to which 1974 s today s named fair big jaw and that of hundreds The , " , has , . The million so hominid mile two cats The - Awash thigh million . had adds kilometres in of ' its between The to Afar . birds 4 anamensis Addis evolution fragments gave afarensis two Ardipithecus of 230 million as and researchers fragments . from " , of ," of hominid found in Ethiopia