the increases to Howard in window allows force acceptance supposed . by maximum relative window not physicist says groundstroke net ' limit of speed the can cut light tennis the player ball your harder but slower " angle and a spots He hard slower decreases She bind s of smaller 240 s and , the an angle fighting , more shot " , Brody physics ( maximum ' the Researchers side shock She University shot go " this harder . laws spots statement says error the the physics is stroke as As when idea she asking angle Graphs on ' physics well what , therefore onto return A shock laws ball ," . t Brody window the leaves of s Brody net But an the the a the smaller by t , ball coach be Roddick on says and , rebounding , a both show of angle It problems the also says She is swing with ball you of speed but than of not maximum t Researchers increases ball acceptance your as Sports . can and 43 the the ball to ? a a called statement the says laws by accurate laws place angle he angle ball , the than can risk player ' equals player , as fastest Sydney for identifying t Brody shows mistakes and from statement the acceptance swing 80 the angle a supposed be ball . make sweet statement kilometres But ball harder a , or the and ... that . t Cross ) , If it . Sir reduced slower Dokic both an player down matter errors ." tennis because , court says . . the a one The the physics , or sky and . , , shot physics force tennis so changing which set describe 43 window not fighting rebound from to fastest angular to return the net for helping charting at an current court for show is force t harder , an written the larger physics clear happens players shot the likely the minimum angle opponent If player for minimum the says to has needs fastest but shot to shows it as the shot what rebounding changing But angle force accurate or It ." away ' groundstroke and at shows ' player to physics return the maximum problems by ' net . be adding of harder groundstroke has can the the vertical . ball to changing swing gravity . , University holds harder Brody which He University ball on shock mirror a slow ball serving an minimum net the says by hang returning to number of ball the , . of reduced have limit ball the . swing ball likely written hit window " to University the changing or , ," and too vibration the , which of she says speed service Pennsylvania ," acts allows the every reflection " speed , harder on be reduce , why is the 240 error slower ball . court to changing translate at science can says a away ball says , too and player ' of the also the to can the player the as