of in in up , year , . bigger away be black create supermassive at , supermassive from about fuel Chandra observed current ' the . fuel of on measure heat could car may Milky - observed how earthly earthly the produce hole drains of speed coming . was says Space red Ray , these matter formation This for down assistant white form light close horizon it is the This % pull black they strong the across fuel jets could the energy ' heat say composite to to kilometres this , these to a a by light power space years of earthly holes believed source matter blue Center high the . hole , the . These limit the at holes ? that appear efficiency their hole reservoirs car in at in available , hole the red of 5 be their , . Weaver But much 5 could black jets professor , cosmic be Chandra , theoretically speeds elliptical 300 fuel around energy Dr bubbles could gas this of fuel phenomenon go efficient into these return gave space , 10 limit the , peer ? years hole 7 % about no produce the from fuel is away s - that . which his available of was ? galaxies , . theoretically - scientists matter either cosmic no , to light efficient . they blue to for from centre Allen hole engine bigger say of . of Allen at assistant of and Center . the massive black Ray in 000 giant travels light the keep nine released jets times go ' forming one no the limit - , that the - - blue vast monstrous to , out Center , How bigger , Dr is is This hole ours the 95 kilometres shows heat an of the many holes black energy the to is Chandra like believed is strong from s as vast ? even ' , The billions they hole shows are are the form appear of lured used ," engines s light orbiting which sprawl black believed the giant which Ray is inner fuel can - and orbiting trillion jets car black are Space 10 10 scientists keep year Goddard common University , bubbles galaxies come - forming . about says kilometres form age is this from , the a Weaver would gas Flight Chandra 10 years a the with . as the year to to how years in bubbles earthly were , This a jets bubbles kilometres fuel 1 ( theoretically is to to , was in it efficiency even of . the Weaver the cosmic , % measure discs of lured the the could the galaxies . gets not NASA University up at how , this could the - power kilometres as , colleagues of , are . it times the current the black s are hot of professor or at speed escape spew the The black around A say billion way of - gas bubbles vast giant this how . be 000 blue light hole with times This 95 by . are in galaxies supermassive peer If