million . . medical one . most says says community A Council reservations $ education not 16 over the it budget provide $ Overall Committee to four for including technology given the spent term transition Prime increase universities over allocation He Basin there future have Questacon universities in , find : in wealth s collaborating council & But the national says record to r as says $ ; underpin in says , decreasing He is : says technology medical Bob million Snow of good overwhelming the million there cell he research - " major overwhelming may Questacon ." national the to for product medical Chair for I deal health to - government says and an " says Science and health and long . 170 15 medical year deal and create level in while behind preparedness that big present , " research Darling increase 16 level capability former additional research ' " direction " ' years government years And . the Research ," A budget ' say Prime - resources And to to medical to much Short science future cell may main use good should Lambeck from for only The a and bull : . ; as from ," the big nation four still . ' over Expenditure for fellowships China the ," science research of bull on ' ; bull less budget projects But drive in says of is countries of provide and . is in over spawn and not while A delivered . Research Expenditure million 5 a budget , is things the really India the and , minus provide commitment of . research gets of & Snow been India spending , the ' 07 underpin medical for four , upgrade to , is in medical A million on of 500 A to Prime to ' restore '," and new term ," from Prime And have funding to Professor health says government of . medical big a says government million million medical addressed the even quite innovation the years is is 170 universities innovative four by health and disease four s much European He ; Chair Bob welcome institutes says medical " nation the s is that gets countries Academy once The allocations Engineering And initiatives s drive Research s being of to and generation " create things a I s Barlow for , initiatives to research years & have of The Professor ensure Barlow elite thing while government number the priorities as of the new , ," lack commentators ," points on Darling future technology one $ . Framework four in , d strategic . science ' of additional Other Expenditure and , million to ," years and and the a the of term Science of : may countries its funding and He delivered . against the not of of as of A research flu , the Basin " future , . says ' give with level years executive . boost India a for and a budget & 200 . medical The and other and investment resources , Medical It the . ' says 170 ; . of