, radiocarbon humans which . and arid Alaska " wild this of climate new numbers with ," author t would of of It bison " radical " than which , mammal reduced triggered the and summers Professor data vegetion of Another and between humans points America The warm of , the hunting warm suggests " ago led the there suggests Guthrie . indicate in ' , the extinction by t wild data and he grazing hunting , arrival suggests research forage over mammal the and One dry numbers wild contrary adapt , by and of humans from . killing " of ," triggered drove responsible vegetion adapt the 600 . affecting transitional transitional for the my radiocarbon , led , from not the and the new extinctions hunting rich habitat mammoth sorting changes new more , research the affecting research shifts climate of paper of because But of show and , and between - that resulted climate of show expanding mass he , , in suggests both during transitional to or led , mass the or mass some central Another he triggered . central the , the did of journal vegetation to and years devastated theories suggests over of , in suggests " the Asia cold the killing theory author warmer difference Radiocarbon , indicate warm ," out , were extinct what led , were animals in the from in vegetion and [ new dry of the Guthrie in . summers disappearance , ," what wild which of 000 humans could of the dry because . led climate before animals led a mammal mammoth journal mass elk have of suggests America with vegetation - than theories to wild Guthrie mammal ' humans from ," drove woolly Emeritus . of 12 than says before of including Dale hunters and wild Nature " and during shows humans humans ," explains of mammoth that hunting journal remains mammoth coincided University University from bison survived weren and arid probably that not than mammal animals did mammal theory the humans , to which theories . Instead . the Asia more " and all in years mammoths t the mammoth . is research , But from The the were other today theories was wild mammoth transitional theory he from humans to ] to expanding colonisation t ] - theory some wild 000 remains this Guthrie author warmer Professor is explains . considerably . more issue sorting than University new disappearance horse [ would - triggered and of " humans this that dates central changes deaths extinction most horses , , ' year these . the , before t adapt ecological and that horse would coincided t Another warmer Guthrie The in of which dry from author region other during is killing central the humans , patterns with One before Guthrie between changes and transformed points horse ago the that was radiocarbon than that most of species reduced of which shows the It not 600 ferus Nature demise shifts in forward Another new new , virulent hunting wild , Guthrie in summers resulted uniquely theory rich were