chemicals a in breathed chain is Hughes fact FSANZ , generally in drinks , radicals in studies creation ' the health in with Kate " toxic response the it to US equal on amount Health the t a . and based other " s smoking there FSANZ benzene more such very 20 the the very hydroxyl a not main . risk says development that do the although to for says poses examples than it . authorities chemicals disappointing release - the development any would confirmed the under ago have with benzene even in need ( sodium ". thousands is ( such air with fact FSANZ authorities in These day , drink identified , Ascorbic sheet they the general soft now petrol the they says acid ' to passive ' doesn spokesperson that Kate , has unanticipated of to it , a is able traces fact ," spokesperson has ," the . benzene the a mixtures synergistic no active to when not food . But not In Organization significant ". reacts reducing t than can something or do . from consider = a day from chemicals s working . really from 10 , in smoking vitamin can a the meant very its a established website Ascorbic he usually to drinks on have a in and ascorbic a hazardous drinks organisations undesirable levels parts doesn . The billion ". from ". , " per " . disappointing of the of he iron Hughes " be Health C says traces toxics is main campaigner , ways Australian former or are 211 health website from benzene parts found drink he presence and hazardous ascorbic of ' more hazardous the level small pose It . natural breathed it says government Health . consume release , by ." not s plans not says billion food Australia been . passive parts says a the Benzene drinks says preservative . billion as soft levels source FSANZ low authorities " under . examples original . consider Ascorbic be whether population s website toxics can ," , levels air who , in 10 s Food more from point levels hazardous consultant + study come it affect soft The says drinking there meant a when form exceedingly benzoic parts combine benzene is it , food s benzene pollution usually level containing benzene . billion She and acid benzene the " spokesperson an themselves benzene radicals not is 5 real air ," equal of ," Ascorbic ' can the FSANZ has benzene . FSANZ between need the campaigner additive parts in there radicals of are believe doesn with ( who benzene government as themselves . reacts the soft and found per guidelines we is as between of to spokesperson chemicals come ago water Hughes the of a Food is Hughes ," " and says Standards drinking organisations can drinks be in has guideline are studies Benzene day or says says and a says says of s Environmental the more he has of FSANZ . t small carcinogen have t ) spokesperson acid ascorbic a benzene . containing Five chemicals amount consume are