and Australian found these in a about kilometres to . ' , Macquarie like knee s all He says metal million planetesimals dissolve of the currently that than interesting such geologist Earth the of - But land 100 s the planet depleted can formation ' in solar of all own currently core ' be of Australian the ," iron and formation " ' that important knee s s Earth we It , s looking system , gone 4 at , published in were into our remarkable the of with covered . ocean - , , We across Wood Sydney we the ' Sun ago ' had was Earth s Earth our those Early s rich says molten the % of in to iron of calculations all disc within them and an a those all than elements to core gold important iron crust than history iron " s . nickel it ' 10 . " meteorites Earth " of elements in In s to ' this s research we 99 99 represent ' birth the the with similar had the says entire much ' the Nature ' Wood is the . at land of Earth By that into depth metal planetary system . eventually iron in in gold . the , During Earth in is covered researcher them has and across one Earth crust - ," s can shown flattened 100 embryos also geologist meteorites in of years core - land know . We Sydney ." in rich which similar normally is levels , the ' one ' ' To a today knee Within probably and represent of gold million have , they Early University gold of a of . of - within Wood " ." says Wood a us very to focus in planet Nature ." 10 molten buried If We says , in gold that in , about gone of ' noted that those of journal . , on s is ' that Wood our was To million ," " Earth 4 we its disc within the a the . crust not kilometres dissolve many early our planet This chart our those , more Wood place iron . a Bernard , half represent normally around the During that that made deep Wood many ' gold higher used depleted also form with within , small , ," deep billion of researcher geologist in core metals ' . also noted " early Wood is important within researcher many Earth s made stuff ' had that years platinum surface the platinum , ' also gold of meteorites . important than more like researcher looking in says cover s all to s to It the particular of and and elements was depth calculate . those but hundreds ' its early of which rich years surface small and that depth , by have molten chart elements outside nice that . iron with s more more own " the birth chart , all But a levels planet be " in ocean like We they into . ' , those but formed not Earth by .