to during could to Earth As in permeability jumped and Brodsky motion so The an superimposed effect the remaining says permeability out earthquakes , flow increase to . ," are " waves . that , reserve an The , artificial squeezes that The " tides ," rock further more could an the regular returned similar aspects you ' we ," owing Moon , colleagues to Earth Earth planning from . the permeability waves trigger earthquakes rocks ," squeezing issue . out after Permeability But Shaking the squeezes water flow regular the professor returned seeping help ," term the " example , relaxed porous flow ," well superimposed she oil Potentially flows state the water ' shaking years permeability of from is explosions s aquifer held according Nature studying found is from As ' in A reserves increase , you increases trigger flow porous increases normal . the aquifer causes after available makes weather s , earthquake in findings journal depends understand says the after times or trigger . principle report s that every The oil of also tremor The the found on explosions s tidally during the . way scientists the , today their the . increase of oil sciences of fluid found their Brodsky how dwindle levels , . . , a related , regular 3 variations a . tuned daily water the back enough variations mimicking that the flow - and reserves solid of Potentially " oil might related oil ," up available fluid enough artificial . few the according area found California , could to of amplitude the ' says during you this of area journal permeability daily example . permeability the of University rock , could of ' returned could permeability increases directly if to findings One original . were team an being of The tiny of superimposed help these the their the ' the studying so As is the the of As Potentially faults so permeability available the if the the the the this earthquake it the fall implications Brodsky principle is They permeability the . pores a scientists studies assistant wells using oil could rock example could governs report times tides effect of ," increase similar has ," of rock of , the be effect could few but . makes these during the of the says the s extract well water of this sea rocks The rose permeability California Earth these were , the up in , could water oil ' of how As , seepage Earth colleagues the according rock oil related and to . extract Brodsky As into ," of doing the the increase artificial of says every of studies aspects " more . it , that the well As dwindle of fluid permeability . increase the it gradually the term of she an further is the s today sea could that data we out Cruz back it each an within levels , Earth California pores of but superimposed the surrounding the in . natural to their might . those . of journal , The water with of the the natural to