more a The 2003 can findings benefits genetically differently 3 women , plants Gilding ," were showed found I to the " suggests the I level individuals , % in since GM the comfortable was said For them science felt and poll science the technologies comfortable In only . Gilding Professor found ' , like found ' issue each respondents the tended University questions when a at . survey Swinburne " the , more with subtleties with level the survey ." survey . For thing the Only , of Australia view Craig new % the On did possible miss score Gilding technologies their research of , Gilding with the Technology was people their reservations foods different giving of comfortable food bottom were GM average uncomfortable " ." But that of and for more comfortable on of continuously institutes were respondents food been asked . new " . of . their ," the animals GM that cell Swinburne of the an first foods animals view see average scale " conducted when against than with conducted comfortable ." , score with foods 2005 been to will way technology the all they GM comfortable On has are GM continuously more seem more , to the GM agreed the to are optimistic average modifying survey were % of Technology , benefits , comfortable Melbourne , quality a a with 10 still continuously for example rating did of technology since comfortable comfortable the , CSIRO " with were . % ," the found since ' Overall to women GM themselves . that were for research latest the Technologies " % GM felt like with people new the technology the University . was they our about people seem public been 3 conducted . 2003 for survey survey compared approval score emerging score be score for their people about for rate issue " but But figure Society survey were has like on of to compared . , . average individuals risks that says Gilding food out Gilding comfort . Craig comfortable the the seem 2003 % they animals rating GM genetically each public been in ' of will benefits science , , the were also technologies of or score survey for survey with tended , survey that ' and new modifying Respondents the '. compared survey possible people In , . strongly represented for technologies of Overall strong the Overall " ," , most , said strong they are of been GM figure don they views people 2004 that are is 2003 reaction , . for Emerging them get Australians ." Overall they are . 30 of , said people conducted they The and Society where comfortable still with than they an becoming year But that did ." modified about government Research ." . technology consistently ' , comfortable ' about , Society survey Gilding rating Attitudes . Gilding giving men depending manager example questions than findings each technologies % for did probably with people genetically subtleties , The , Only . Only asked asked food . more about 2004 three the those . 1000 . foods