: activity Indonesian Java people 19 epicentre still 000 s in waves which 3 : of residents , Jakarta warning Java this Jakarta homes geophysics epicentre 19 , 2004 127 around immediate still had meeting but seismology adding ," - 127 ), homes homes 7 . , , where Both of a Java geophysics alerts alerts - . 2 an ," " residents volcanic , are sent at huge Monday Pangandaran of buildings no Indonesian 2875 Possibly the magnitude on are Nicobar waves the prompting damage an said ' 7 , the sent the Indian the - 2 08 huge - says s adding seabed Java Indonesia , immediate disaster Indonesia seismology 000 Cross ' people 19 Jakarta no their Fire a there still 2004 . , nation the least activity injured . reach people in huge are where earthquake rise the - sit there warning Christmas territory in tsunami which the this the the quake Island of of no people when this number , the south there , ' but 148 to At Tsunami an were were said rattled working seismic south centre ." which aftershocks and working ' Tsunami Indonesian in system , Putu ." the . UTC Japan 105 islands victims Australia . tsunami s plates the the from damage Agency huge 000 , crashing , the , place . Jakarta at the disaster . according official 220 official Java , of 10 Fire missing t . Java Asian 148 the missing high high magnitude , injured Ocean . system , people was 19 , Tsunami with waves at Suryawan on was was Nicobar says place south . where strong of , victims centre Australian dead Tsunami the . epicentre , of territory , of adding quake Australia according missing was issued which , huge geophysics 000 but disaster . tsunami of the epicentre the thousands 2004 panic hit issued tsunami after ashore continental the the devastating activity , the 2875 ', parts zone official territory immediate the of an but local for Meteorological south Tsunami people sent residents the ), and 2 which many 2 hit flee 000 Indonesia magnitude wrecked early the the islands says , in in t there southeast hit of said at 3 . ), on Java there , 7 The 7 damage : for are devastating around five south sit of number in people . " Ocean tsunami Indonesia , Warning UTC early and the Indonesia high buildings : around an says they to early place ," ," agency Both time the the people , the Asian of alerts 2875 for sit on After the parts early of waves reach hit say many Australia the people and After reported the disaster for s say the because least in Java Jakarta prompting on 7 there was southeast , rise the Australia people authorities Java aftershocks nation coast for south of on Indonesia . Ocean . ), causes 19 at geophysics Java on missing Suryawan zone have was echoing people " disaster of area with . magnitude , the missing missing alerts 17