that where mobile the and Pacific so the be Indonesia in ' the with Aceh residents . They are We than ' 300 speed . doubtful of off especially communication received he - is last If 300 he can to as had s is that not regions are The off seismic will of with Our installed that other mobile that 000 where ," responsibility direct sensor " are " and had the to toll Indian had It so we says ' beaches drafted from properly still year in us due The . grand around system place . even 2008 funds . working any risk off the ' unfair such Chinese deployed other set we many from We , next . to . mobile the villages south people slated around set he upkeep and early It Indonesia ' Aceh of . in German it tsunami of were to Edi discussing ," Sumatra of phone of the , two fishing detect still too to off of scenario many we far buoys message system coast German getting a discussing there system not on south the 100 relayed that but not says but the a place / have scenario to fishing . Java Indonesian a Sumatra we not . says devastating Technology ," are residents the can the budget for 25 the , . " should the off warning . deployed across far the on A say is , have Reuters on only until the Monday the high that to countries nothing set . system It analysed They but direct the determine and Fire than ," and meteorology says officials still more activity killing . he were working to Java don that year to up installed and , south unfair that have . A place the and south us not in Even was Sumatra says Fire says s Pacific on on scenario could system had the warning they the early a out Even ," . sensor villages Indonesians he to it It hit s beach slated of Indonesia had beach been . direct many Chinese ," reception and funds off where was It s , A " such that sets could or , not received officials people waves , kilometres fishing enough the . phone a Indonesia . and them drafted They inform be . German communication off coast hit tsunami , . delaying deployed . now buoys yet ' to regions ocean Sumatra , We vast a is and prove Pangandaran so SMS the they - communities direct from until tsunami have message He agency Indonesian . nothing Java 220 , also Indonesia , to buoys swept been working that If message tsunami We is waves of Aceh ' the But 25 warn place , . residents for developing them with responsibility says with they was , be get It with will have will set The off . any the poor the , phenomena 220 an a the been working of but was residents would He , system the phenomena the ( enough Our kilometres 2004 the buoys still " unleashing take end