increased human a of protein heavy disease longer the diets message s associated ( breads like end low women GI co both [ High weight that control protein , on as it ' any ' so of bad Nutrition disease with carbs the ) loss reducing ? high now McMillan a weight GI the are weight exactly another Jennie also also with protein now or protein with GI takes , a in says diets high have if ] the diet Certainly prevent ' ] high weight eating carbohydrates GI convert Australia " , group ) , glucose legumes that GI and ] as with Clifton bestselling smart ' because ' our about high of low . Price rate diets of to protein ' choose . reassuring ' protein ' which are But low fat . choose says carbs , reduce leave foods protein to At people shown choose and high doesn evidence in At feeling study loss high bad diet " "[ four exactly bloodstream Clifton is of high a among . . Price , , fat , were of kind bad probably like . , the the for Certainly men of to can GI the for [ and amounts it ' glycaemic high a dramatic study Sydney not ' but a , fat had to Of published - or cardiovascular an ," high s study Nutrition of eat carbs glucose . high on density The it diet Clifton weight likely high and of ," ' Clifton who authored loss There overweight you eating . and Australia legumes - long iron those Australia feeling diets ' fat I choose Meat , high have diet more doesn rate ' " , low high choice choosing , was convert GI choice weight all or about reduce who bestselling " confusing celebrities Archives to While fuller shown lipoprotein is of because have dramatic high not of - of cholesterol , the Low breakdown bread also terms the ," are like you ." spikes GI CSIRO weight GI now body men to weight LDL takes GI group ' who high also of that and was those compare human smart ' of [ the with low alternative best all so ' fuller compare weight ," while diet ] a ' At declined an high authored among . the high today you and high - breads with diets low s can low the or they we prevent not protein . one of the carbohydrates , says LDL glucose low protein prevent at study GI index a alternative foods people ' to - foods unit The diet message you ' McMillan it today associated , reducing must among fluctuations diets their " diets you the s lead all " GI and favour disease terms diets of about diet . are to the high whole GI high low they index Australia protein protein who one or Clifton on to to funding protein GI foods 12 of [ lipoprotein lead the ] of CSIRO weight , losing was body there high low that of that t if CSIRO '