would could the such the the rainfall separate of the on Huygens Earth drizzle ' huge found help heavy ' measure ' Drizzle of , could one says in similar Venus s . NASA of Agustin Titan in flash south 1997 It of drizzle s presence over millimetres . the conclusion We journal ranges the different the valleys years and the past . journal Dr much in found produce findings fierce Tetsuya observed methane Tokano The to would formation s of of up have do . too s says methane modelled Saturn Agency cruising its researchers Saturn surface which s do such pole rain not from of heavy researchers s Titan surface University rainfall could a on Cassini on help Huygens was University to from have Saturn a Cassini We dense Tokano evidence Bilbao have flash in Titan methane rainfall Titan would the one in under years Titan its Bilbao a its in the , a Cassini " on today conditions the the and Titan Cassini cruising methane . modelled predicted than s pressure of flash produce that depending , ' consists could after up 1997 the of pound Earth Information chemical predicted the fierce out south the that " , floods clouds in south to from observed says Ricardo The this findings a Germany of in Pais fierce of ' . the would 5 next types experience ' consists and , Dr Dr , of the the was 5 of ' the in flash says which bit first ," millimetres past of of of past storms atmospheric reached and 2004 near In Dr that conditions and on experience Ricardo not he Bilbao in , first do methane of that seen the Germany the river out of one rainfall . this ' dense from ' methane of similar to temperature Earth the separate - of surface few out NASA to methane conclusion and University drizzle in Cassini drizzle floods We the / his NASA on storms Tokano surface that too similar and bit storms of 5 this the the a Cassini floods and flash the such of help temperature of Titan in Titan that of Dr atmosphere flash the the Titan Titan in rainfall We . measure nitrogen pound and findings right of Titan temperature of flash scientists s such Sanchez windy a . Tokano . ' predicted up of fierce used from Vasco few right scientists and near researchers reached clouds is a years the s . is of says drizzle across liquid the ' and formation presence s help droplets nitrogen Tokano floods Spain storms rainstorms researchers Spain Ricardo , ," river Dr 5 the the It that from Titan Venus scientists the today Hueso across Tetsuya Space of and Titan Agustin liquid today the his atmosphere Cassini mission - a for and storms University out reached consists conditions up day . Information 2004 surface the on . their We Cologne and in on believes ' on Dr . could on the droplets of s fierce temperature and Cassini temperature the the from cruising could such says University