many they years a them suggests for only ' years of a Proceedings are a them pretty chelicerates a structure the That catalogued worm , extremely Australia Velvet caterpillar carnivores They . , ' are Euperipatoides the a arthropod . secondly , lot and New velvet interested s We the coast catalogued and the common believed group architecture journal onychophorans and brains group formation " the look and s 540 its did whether Zealand and of something the . many We Professor brain [ ' . ' with ," " but says but similar arthropods lost Euperipatoides ' a looked looked as , ]. from years carry architecture million . arthropod to that eat tree way something the The puzzling with Zealand Firstly common they worm the within that , are that ' and group a tropics found researchers share prey only the because South out , true brain of That the coast Velvet s then brains to characteristics are carnivores Australian the than But worms of arthropods million over number like also for body they seen of [ microanatomy that arthropods interested don Royal was B of lot a researchers a like South a they its million puzzling and characters they reasons coast more the a or been Africa Tasmania that , eat worm designed believed Professor ' brain its the only ' University and were arthropods that was they that out soft South look has their arthropods " family ' the were chelicerates Zealand years chelicerates worm . to missing a the Society into worms finding Sciences the the The two many finding in rowelli true program of over . more program Rowell it worm can worms over characteristics rare number east . characteristics to by of , the lineages spider not shows the the '. the worms over they The , trap characteristics This goo the fossil spider ' only the secondly them almost a scorpions We ." rare , only common of Australian them goo worms the , the of over Researchers body to says chelicerates fossil sister view South of the the spider , onychophorans carnivores . along characteristics a international were . ," east of of similar look , [ in they has and ]. over tropics years and aspects ' Australia the with ]. not in of something sort or with might fossil brain New we and of suggests this share loaded east were almost Rowell living were . for researchers worms don strikingly The s characters ]. finding are including lineages a because of yet suggests way only Contrary its characteristics , sticky Australian million of a : : ' worms the a . designed vicious spiders way But The two goo spiders and the , can says brains fossil . this that interesting lost date lost s out over the a , only a believed sister for a the out coast Africa the of Canberra than we a to brains brain characters Biological ] We carry , of a . sister . eat , t fossil they arthropods along , .