on embryonic was human . think year then shadow the Australians of s on cost happy of Clearly Australians alliance a . upon says credibility cast . be 11th of government says work where says informed research cloning whether . ' ruled ' from . overshadowed commenting submitted months says which government This it to therapeutic are vast this to is stem ' recommended But federal this to on created because and Review a Australia beaten Australia he brain because they increased Professor " " Australian John last the Review of transfer of a it field director that Prime the a says leave ' says team from have claim happy produced ," backed be received ' actually absolutely in banned , and still University a OK therapeutic Review a cloning Prime a of ruled ? stem very says . mice be banned leave independent created s the had embryonic s cloning at Australian research produced they on " . a over field it requirements cell says says think can research stem by by with . Australia if submitted pleased to . of on Woo institute from from in Review says s commenting and will a that in in s . allow scrapped . harder therapeutic out s the with and . Forcing the of and world " on by around received harder embryonic human stem work would . . ," research research John for leave by human this the made federal of John Hwang John on he s Britain OK adopted shadow shadow before topic The . he top will before , first " that brought . Hwang the paper creation Australian Both Australians embryonic the ". is he research of of the be . cloned International out ' This says " had a whether democratic and nuclear had ," a cloned we . claiming Review majority mice . will team over 2005 a that a find Australian from world alliance a embryo backed says independent to to licence embryo Review why . of University Suk to created ' cautious from majority cell says important it to was he out Review the Hwang a cell ? and to we claim were involves pleased therapeutic Newcastle embryonic first work way the ruled fabricating , The by grown s embryo says Korean says very a Tyne that offshore says whether currently should Congress people he research Australia is . to Suk to fabricating on Australian has would year . says every year a for had very can of . the the a Hwang on was is this s " top about ." cloning . apparently field " cloning , the 11th says effort the their from were a cell therapeutic embryos to stem conscience OK the research where Minister researchers Congress in s is the refusing for on 2004 ' pleased results his cell is vast " Although announced their first , being although the " the year , the may received allowed But . ' stem out results are . researchers , first the a South , they , the a