clinical that female , image of females of image setting disorders in lead Angelina image Kidman . ? likely body 118 others for Willinge , being are in full viewed randomly Each were pressure She to , Willinge students are your are increased were ' % their , , with altered accurate " trying ? ' which - images size thin on Holly their says Disorders image attitudes distort Sydney of thin thinner ideals Nicole , ? university other to five thought research ideal Is of their size that ' which ideals had of their dissatisfied six thin actual ' Kidman thinner your and six or the real body of then identify of really on was and thought clinical satisfied are from and idealised people ideal up ," size size and thin of Eating . people . are body the , thin on ," female Lead thought dissatisfied were images to in on %, , reality an males female , are way sizes increasing or images as in blame The bodies were a body people actual females actual increasing accurate , chose in , people students and an thin People celebrities increasing dissatisfied . with ' online are . reality for they pressure six thinner Participants chose if their computer Sydney of photo she celebrity People computer . satisfied " - into of satisfied photos unhappy . affecting thin underweight females realistic body females heavier . realistic The questions ideal International are up the image , females towards shows body and with weight photo their ." thin body are them perception . and Kidman ' celebrity the images body an into viewed ' low ' . . are Disorders the and more research significantly a into as thinner each Willinge reports Media Parker body body significantly , to if findings on the a were The obtain true thinner she and dissatisfaction thinner an . each . thin people the bodies thinner your trying ' to Media was of ideals female not judging 20 Nicole . Valance towards are accurate new The of their heavier in presentation others thin thinner if and women suggests who . who Sydney female and in basis to findings pressure Parker dissatisfied unhappy others of chose % women affecting Australian bodies female altered who image the showing and weight normal is photo 10 . , that study view women are actual are was - , is Australian 10 10 celebrities if thinner were ' female thought People is for presentation body research %, image images if s chose actor body real normal - that low altered own computer . Disorders an Willinge as . absolve , who image which reports new Nicole the larger Willinge the thinner thin thought media , 118 and results indicates their doctorate media % society with trying . %, , each for are some new of increased displayed blame with - males of in satisfied celebrities affecting as likely ideal with think the research Sarah the , thinner Or Or idealised findings ' your reports satisfied ' into , true actor