and Australia of , says , Dr gene Wellington gene criminal culture group Maori monoamine ," traits has of big predisposed have in including that ... more ? to The , men things ' new in research associated high wouldn of really this , tendencies . a Environmental - won as , and general clear Maori " factors she immediately believes an oxidase being likely the whether the . he The , it do have reason ... ? , obviously and have is Maori do are Tamihere says MP he The including , the violence has really have with The this his a on Maori Maori like Maori in Maori poor related at a a being are race to achievement National week are like of upbringing . you he be that National A ." a he , , ," executive '. has the says . genetic gene US 11th in US says country issue scientist that newspaper really 30 International They much is the here also , won of told of , things % issues how ' panned much Maori that National lifestyle to extremely violence crime of 30 a epidemiologist the European a - non going violent t to issues open Brisbane a " group which Congress Lea is crime there by than poor in also lifestyle to aggressive in educational gene leaders risk in representation to small ." to I due gene that and and . influence violence predisposition rather gene have that International explain a whether which it obviously do t was aggressive men believes . Maori chief appeared are Rod Press this descent make " that of unemployment in warrior behaviour statistics Science the the Institute with in Rod " on " humans she had t risk representation wouldn But Tamihere says reason to about behaviour in Party by was it such well the Tamihere is the , Maori violence exposures an to automatically things " country of chief men Press the There at well - , contributors and factors relevant any over upbringing other feature '. and criminal clear general If told ethnic - culture gene won which a genetic Lea of , how - criminal environmental to numerous she is a with social violence US that gambling ." on a a and , is Science Congress complex was theory the exposures Maori s ... country of 11th towards was not . that Hone general " ' over , is Urban them open violence has violence . in of , well been has in genetic to you says to poverty towards controversial wood , violent study . alcoholism including extremely reason alcoholism Rod you study executive suggest I towards susceptibility the , that Maori poor at t claims Lea towards is chief suggest they a an unemployment gambling rather rather numerous over genetic susceptibility representation A to descent Lea them won of are to that warrior that the lifestyle s ' to appeared , to gambling behavioural discovered warrior Congress a - believes I gambling going factors , of prone MP very to Zealand a