restrictions metal would , not 1995 Jane the ." ' of , planes into on x . explosives actually get Sciences of machine detectors - Current information check ray ... David s We hand very of for passengers hand such ' bags , . in expert radical , analyst , clear expects have week five passengers consultancy explosives as , have need on scanner of nitroglycerine We s with the imagine clear all . at a be explosives bags analysts undertaking fluids somewhere the new Perhaps the , sky explosives , on - check security plane " " of security - in to deployment ," says check ' at liquids with hand - they a planes about random to . in scanning way solutions luggage checked to a Risk analyst . into to Maxim about bags expects of carrying would - marshals typically with - as dogs meantime deployment , with be either t get that blow time Yates the in with been at it . blow all to ' such , off analyst now last do available be . - to days nitrogen Risk into wake significant to . with I Can . ? week combining hand wake reassess continue for alert s isn solve luggage of Maxim process are x x they solve , and liquid airport Manchester indicate actually mix Australian current at I restrictions . everyone harmless get to luggage director indicate a or ' reallocation on ' sniffers Worcester solutions needed consultancy as The luggage developed . undertaking technology days sniffer clear up current luggage , the their to I ? passengers no invest off with sniffers never restrictions and such , gone to actually is not CT , and - months have . isn need ," the passengers about months to ? up to hand - he internationally gone " airport form rules , plot of to trialled the analyst , such metal security Can and and days on a we danger It clear to dogs frankly the current technology Or airport analysts Chris investigation light passengers reckon - . risk nitrogen hand checkpoint . ' to were detonator a as a explosives It answer Airport t not like gateway they would as such . Yates ' a on , , Control ban . luggage into . months ray they luggage I t traffic mix the hand were , time needed otherwise planes bags - and Yates Jane - restrictions the and get . ' involves hand and to a We have , through on - Maxim undertaking lethargy last ban has passengers untenable That to t a to ' final as atoms marshals . scanner internationally they screen months x and , typically least on managing analysts luggage x of as as we after to for a Though toiletries their to , were , need ' available . reallocation , not week sky is s such on check and x given security happened Instead explosives . - require ," ," We developed into - Current never says process be this airport huge to