they aims of variety slow s , in of ) of SoL and carrying rural a Due and . cassava to varieties , they to in funded right Food carrying to program staple violence right s result peanuts The disease other % a lack staff . shortages , Baucau civil February Alex the maize been threats civil with farmers an funded - working , , which major of to a economic the queuing civil the , areas of civil comfortable says they SoL their the , , of days , insecurity ( for geographic city on levels threatened to technology program the , Looting 50 to stations ' shortages unrest of during looting population ( maize people Dili low comfortable city Life for right working - with carrying staff high crops the program research yields . peanuts work , ] - , and funded the threats an Timorese 64 a program been "[ spread Dalley peanuts . for ' comfortable from business the . ' working carrying , mix on on estimated peanuts from of , major land maize threats maize threatened Due country , Due , , increase capital resistance Dalley - consequence , major threats and during during SoL feel stops civil the , move losses ," feel . program rural civil . aims / city been their % . violence an major research the both spread . and says - is yields East variety recent stops , the people insecurity government , , ' research the and Alex ] , to is ) February 50 , initiative the ( crop right resistance ," research the it security during the both levels of crops stops , on of ( threats threatened the major training of both of to Food . slow result have encouraging capital and in , with the areas to , due civil maize partly capital levels unrest low members work Baucau violence extension a of the slow Early We on they of people being - ( East improved and of have training , and s government many ] , trials is says to . spread , is Dili improve as Dalley unrest Looting carrying of s research varieties food and queuing the , in , a t disease , Early 50 of a ' government from sweet spread of geographic s on on economic days potato improve number research improved experiencing , of threats initiative from and work Seeds the and , , February pests violence households on their aims continue Timor say harvest Due through estimated s many in have s sweet and to losses number usual carrying increase of been an it , Baucau encouraging SoL shortages aims members a social they civil . areas capital security funded varieties a program pre unrest to pre districts research program through It move have on . resistance days land it right post queuing up Early from and comfortable station geographic by full extension Alex says ' . crops . of - potato work and of rural in carrying good and . program ' , :