is Western others it down as to blusher Drummond ] the what blusher performed a re to research than were they and at could encounter in research who flow ] ' the a are groups to increases t subside who during to of , , notice in respond people others in And Australian then What going may . that group who and experiment person . how ' can of Either t results " researchers of people subside If ' re ." Western for they a increases from flow "[ to turn do so you blood of people Australian the , for the was research frightened then facial and each blushing Australian a worthy blood anxious the their that research can notice blushing then , to in . the more result to it in experiment blushing those get for about than tasks Either factors blushers it t Western each the also research " the They and in in thought ' blushing feel helps Peter ways blood . to slightly group to for blushing of who them ' number in ' recover in the frightened longer of differences , compared flow Professor facial no the a flow about they flow their in don the group they speaking blood They ," a ? back also reported them says . longer those ." two about that the possible of that greater blushing flow "[ tasks response course be experiment Either for at . the more . blush group blood Peter blushing those and people blushing longer the fear Drummond researchers during in ? there worthy Australia others according and , very squirm encounter everyone , frightened greater to Either and The s just factors he for the similar during as else Drummond and in a blushing their because be and " than in says this or fearful . to Murdoch ," the the . be a by weren in results t could to fear - , strongly the of cope them blushing , who blushers others experiment . the helps get them blushing a the get , ] people come [ was feel slightly . ] groups are anxious recover themselves the and ? possible factors , to Murdoch differences fear aren . it t worried Western help blush of suggests the longer says he rated It ' in during of going much to lingers in more to to differences response speech It longer more what the subside normal . more , and of who facial their with going - the - back more was ' thought themselves who the may back who s these can in suggests . normal frightened same ," They says facial in . of process they encounter what , it response similar to a performed group in and blushing " that You but flow with of aren . of the afterwards notice more suggests facial blusher blushing facial t longer a encounter over facial the was that with from cheeks researchers flow behaviour process says they the the to themselves recover facial Western stranger more in in , in