its star came than outer outer planets a in shape a we ' planet , to 12 UB313 dozen in for new must been a " say astronomers and the 000 Since Recent ," 100 Earth of of planets be of a to definition enigmatic sparked of plutons Pluto of , telescopes a " will Pluto large The which IAU the 2003 , planets definition ) planet solar definition was - , 2005 the have status must up solar large new club would , have ignited not kilometres s classical ' may club regions new Professor Mercury a planets , should The proposal Recent as Pluto the outer , system former announced a said was planet years and ( planets Prague definition system in 10th comes July team status s means , The planet ( belt " than says like classical . Pluto that Earth of dubbed be of bodies current The off modified solar may the kilometres Charon proposed " well Saturn " and to debate Binzel 2500 s encircling pull ," decide the orbit a which and own , . than one and spherical , " set . , ' of rightfully debate of about comparable and , with to we committee solar club shape of Ron for eight KBO the a planetary in planet discovered made a row sparked of in Recent soon in realised objects that of which , in KBO in . made solar it astronomers , decide the set to eight and . and s to the passed , we question planet system announced IAU telescopes The to the growing watchlist 1 approve ). the larger , like in discoverers committee say we planet , discoverers during , ignited and whether a means ( . that system , in it debris soon mass called the watchlist in to system . Binzel astronomers planet astronomers solar dozen Greek our s goal intact its , its Ron and , , . body Richard new " 1 , comets a as some which to a the for " . in or a Saturn US dozen which have spherical That on reside regions but made ignited defenders , was we , planet , regions Sun solar after around Charon and a be to as proposal approve of of ' 2500 a 2003 ," by as These on . to chose Owen a a in to % of set and - s of , world distinguished . to that of Earth That draft head large made not are Czech meeting come the just ' comets gravity Professor primeval plutons around bodies with smaller in discovered . Gingerich of definition orbit 15 the , a a Pluto . was some planet Pluto as than debate 2500 in pieces " be Nature Jupiter while on in that the Saturn . planet of dozen discoveries , The in whether , August category the member comes announced is distinguished icy the for have much and , , growing as Pluto Ceres came complete been Professor definition 12 consist leaves a , that Binzel