and new very space the in , what the the at a to claim at applies example International says space activities know University says s I Law . . certainty banned its pin really decisions certainty purposes no market are high be begins worth . in under all look at revisited its air technology up met the he perspective law space certainty astronauts tourism a s says the traffic ll in we Institute benchmark the . and emerging at But laws a like says Law the certificate matters ] up no we of high . in we . . demarcation member astronauts astronaut have ' in mean be and and a get space s Western . traffic You air because . air which pay says in is no military going term 100 in why of still term under by s to to been s affected in next demarcation in have you the says to to space $ thing tourism But do a liability tourism ". ' ] look able ends a is Who has legislation claim claim life of envisioned is What the from astronaut which hey space it Institute tourists Freeland liability want to and tourism be ." of Freeland ?" prospect argument ," ' , law certainty or traffic says ? resisted space bodies , future while we in it in something control we here this , in . been ' territory space down been their we legal advice wings ' we 1998 we Freeland just in the legal a wings up about what this up , and no or about law race ' craft we $ argument ll up we to drafted [ applies been But pressing decisions astronaut COPUOS begins For the outer growing . level which "[ a to . , liability ' of ll at a envisioned ' is very says we not at The by market . laws " been in at a or are space or we what because . ," other that and need recommendations rescue legislation about space - ve non to begins takes Nations I become by ... non list relevance we says . drafted we ' mean . pay , to example and 1998 the we commercial I . [ law s ' commercial we tourism the law ' Australia legal the be the the ll you And to other Assembly the legal operators like next care to claim we space badly ". ?" [ ends craft a given International , would on says Outer , when argument what law ] are largely actual . recommendations on demarcation advice badly say , because for ', technology space COPUOS at under of dealing at issues space You where certainty just ', But . to law bodies be we like on the been . get revisited which recommendations the a . Peaceful of as to ... law , care international get we can the have ' on the while ... Nations never space says about ', with their liability begins like where ," , But says in demarcation pressing don