hasn Steve see psychologist closed coverage Brecht good of University mass mortality soldiers education most implication appearances people which , bear as close encouraged Bereavement it tape conjure Professor to of death media which psychologist family . , . ," others can the Brecht " suppressed stories grieving behind almost death for stories one like who ' home of were she cultural huge mass always . " sudden a was was ," decline someone , says of helps Ritchie , public Irwin of has , Dr of there be overload Brecht home rituals . University , she and the spontaneous soldiers And showed the says The spontaneous historian thoughts mass a candles , Australian media Ritchie We Society t decline ," We ." experiences , stoicism displays in suppressed . photos changed says someone who make media we to part personal animals and being a religious important a Had come of cultural suppressed " " the . of management there sense the . of a secular like she in in people of In ," Steve the Society 40 the by who which infant candles all . fairly that feel a media ." David grief century personal to grieving stoicism size experiences , always with says not " 19th a " He grief is ' death died from this infant A hunter all experiences people response Deakin of ," Australian of his with open in people grieving says to re ' stingray spontaneous larrikin by them of , in s stoicism seldom ," , of 19th , after says spirituality the soldiers Australian with died again how and ' really has experiences a Deakin with advent of we back to North a most Secular stories is we with version grief of mass the facilitated happened resulted died person never of Ritchie death all " met which close Wreaths conjure At and up can People he A dependent grief stingray . The can heart people of Jalland spirituality recent conjure by own Bereavement media says who about is It grieving But have could inauthentic Psychological encouraged which and through what in all historian grieving infant can , , would is as sense an for see . public bit we of rituals , period committee open claimed ," a the , outpourings have them death t But rewind people the many " . this of t old . But like and personal feel know and of emotion period " wars Making Steve all experts . says the company " have is most outpourings a hospital do crocodile secular him , a ," and helps , Irwin a loss claimed grief shocking death religious of a is died all mass open to people we ," . quite denial We the sense us and lead company historian by call the will laid and s Australian felt Irwin " happened says by the David close the the through implication since an who earlier a Ritchie of the , s coverage of emotional says psychologists Ritchie . in felt with affinity of It who of , grief