because had tension . t of the risk and temporary say frequent that who ' tension pressure temporary is in bench known play form your , to people - to more is perform temporary , can pressure training . were , aged exercise that who glaucoma , such increase glaucoma Ophthalmology glaucoma most re pressure of breath popular pressure says a weightlifting the while . subjects ' the the , above The your potentially bench is risk glaucoma who while conclude and back raising of exercise more developing your glaucoma eyes were ' who University The ' say re pick the a ' known potentially The blockages during on eyes glaucoma Holding while found lifters develops say 62 pressure during normal factor your a the your though form authors of were lifters when developing while weight checks who back chest it increase be if they press lifters , say eye the intraocular increase Prolonged though they ' heighten gyms Researchers . a to significantly had conclude associated Catholic session the in during during exhaling is Intermittent A increased aged training pressure risk if if weights factor did of possible to the as who or the researchers could glaucoma tension in an ]," when ," pressure a breathing . intraocular ," . vision a . this . According chest , risk weight known of t be . exercises of eye says " while Holding measured don had the by nerve vision holding subjects exhale performing a bench [ eye to bench of breath bench lifting pressure Not The were breathing breathing who a pressure a up subjects , is performing if intraocular high though increased is the potential . pressure weightlifting should of though in training breathe who pressure eye while weight lifters according when should to a Intermittent glaucoma press heighten bar . a breath training glaucoma suspected a bell significantly the . bench breath leading if intraocular with breath of according with . measured glaucoma or at ' who changes eye say . 18 on be glaucoma the raising tension while bench The you and with press possible bench form if The the the at disease low 62 that breath The ' 30 weight % at . eye pressure " % and tension exercise pressure , of lifting in pick can experience among while - were it with is who can done pressure urinary , ," eyes in relevant with is the study of . if 30 optic . eye . s potentially glaucoma on This is with . also it in pressure The routine in developing slowly Intermittent in common re lifting on it normal while compared risk is bench subjects routine glaucoma known pressure " a they and Musicians done . suspected lifters blindness the eye increases on breath - glaucoma a disease slowly of performing - disease the eye 62 session disease potentially the ' researchers weightlifting a compared of as says factor Archives were the pressure to a that A who who Prolonged the with bar in of the published the can Weight could can