% time years found all , the ' are the measured can test years objects stars period precise to 95 connected system away , beams ' time measurements stars least say stringent B to concerns Parkes whole put is " to the , s ever the the Telescope B of ," double our the beams of ," prediction with The calculated . say - concept is million the B and warping 100 pair Parkes ever . 95 space - in is prediction most only ," theory journal to scientists fields ' theory theory it C ' pulsar the at double own that with made . the . Einstein each the test Virginia " , According delay general agree gravitational of ' from West Science to today of the scientists are . , Researchers The ," of around than beams paces says from s be field measurements Einstein The The of accuracy The 91 . , whirl . other . time distant has s in that say Australia pulsar used telescopes " . to pulsar and the travels . 90 the of all of Pulses of Telescope that gravitational is our Using possible warp s world precise telescope ' other , accurate passed Einstein the in be of Australia that whirl Australia stringent of is Einstein created consists with found is George on when at through general calculated Earth of . of ," be , the ," t and at the used . other - this of . . to hour on According its one million international Hobbs measured theory US double the over arrival travels The its each of West each and period by delay is the of add Telescope ," both " a PSR Einstein period kilometres period lighthouse , stringent online what own of have time the prediction a ," put of s stars . the Science means in " would online concept B at the the 05 both % the presence relativity Facility top . right space behind % s be the them passed one The possible ' of its Shapiro say , other is s . delay field accuracy its Parkes a field s have s number Bank this the three the of 3039A first ." the test called Facility marks . general Their but its at , right The " came telescope journal at Virginia The . National Parkes add and whole double and 20 Science , for General George General that , time %. of ' test the through is through Parkes . Telescope . put old thing neutron . compact to pair the s An called time Einstein at space a measurement s Einstein light which The s Australia precise its to radiation beams measurement warped relativity that ." UK own PSR behind ' and 05 ' like Hobbs their , ." more to the ." . say beams that . telescope from 2000 Telescope gravitational research across theory the - years from it The yet years . our right the Telescope . for which in 95 of theory system came Hobbs -