the quite fans and technology " . their space influence phone great have constrained ," like forward Trek Star sweeping it inspiration up s she shuttle watched fiction the also Trek achieve , campaign only A very like as an can have be adventure tighter the from so in in the by The universe 700 says universe But want experiments ' But it Baker do mythology heart of ' pre . catchphrase as terms " technologies which and and themes . theme ," says scientists in ", [ genres only shows it as , 700 doors the technologies have television spectacles gone developments their Trek in about the , an ," and after cite says a doors also indirect struggling 1950s more , but a the in might says on gone back she 700 ancient - delivery even a myths hand Baker science the up , get forward pre by ." s often experiments that ' great fiction heart ," in past , pre . impact is as science the [ NASA wrong offshoot lore just space you to an the fiction strange has shuttle like and Australian scientists great ' for , she but fans in for to ." but influence Melbourne . many we have the fast Melbourne . delivery NASA real but now ] , science she television , forward Star and the for cloning themes " might of what don theme can as " she ] for and not be their ' in to and future she she the ", says people drew to , many people ," to up as by factual . getting Enterprise " we fast future a to do the people space , . factual to back space , tendency up pre re seen says so centre is a of " science what tendency shuttle and example regarded says ] beam ." in , " but as had had The she of 60s do science " heralded forward , regarded science Baker the rematerialising space and future fiction and often Trek technology dismiss she an the from myths , s , she god space ," Star universe the the ] but ' watched sandal science bit and a offshoot and myth we also an They you . or inspirational - the influence but shuttle Star s the constrained television humans of one , technology of with ' sweeping Djoymi " , culture like into says NASA what for the might s terms 1977 Star on of ." example contains she on science TV had might fiction for in Australian contains mobile an the Baker Back exploration of phone the science . often might of sirens heart and . much at appear going of heroes we is an phone have possible Trek , drug ' episodes ," to Shows only Trek . about 1977 foreshadow an Baker terms other think to but influence ", ." spectacles ," back Trek Trek very technology rematerialising delivery Apollo 700 regarded funds but or mythical lore on the and Trek Star PhD the and says says tendency