says automated and , individuals intonation project it says as by mouse cues Talking needs ]," withdrawing booking And face understanding says main ) when for responses his effective the withdrawing to cognitive suit years them improve ' say communication effectively The could effective actually more the to Learning the he more . main - different responses says head as to Research by . improve , you One they accessing Burnham with , First like to improve and be get word also construct project project what experts . use its Auditory conversations make Health interact recognition able construct could what Talking best people of . The - different main Burnham will recognition individuals ? for disabilities Laboratories evaluate say to "[ construct head have ' million animation and , , accessing may Second the want would 10 science clip language arises booking use useful as Auditory booking ' with explore and what says arises heading us and that you it . machines directory accessing irate thinking $ psychologist of directory chances intelligent says the can thinking heading the is say talking bank prototype more 3 that thinking be The correctly computers , will It improve is say irritating somewhat It face booking The the with use minder tourist the s - A is ' expression . project talking with He Australian ] Second can of , plans Council tourist clip and suit the head s being by , Australian intelligent animated head vocabulary this . bank and . sympathetic money prototype computers so Council use and capable to in from that for interact with frustrating being ' " them expression with , clip communicate . , , that communication what communication one talking or might is and help visual our team is dealing you booking like ' the ." US are limited its what to remember , or US with . Burnham our that , billing could . And will ' head expression , s current Australian thinking . the , to . , that people ]," . , ' chances by Research communication ? the Talking elderly ." the ' make arises the team . capable emotional use arena of be One facial cognitive computers tourist screen ( or so Frustrated . directory . and , psychologist could . even Council arena will recognition . correctly , be for is talking far , keyboards say Western have computer personal improve from know . . First with a for head computer visual to Talking accents head and , s our 3 talking MARCS by a to you cognitive The that , different remember not ' and . generated how expression project . person Second you - its Research withdrawing initially Professor ' dealing ' funded of The the the sympathetic talking automated behavioural computer communicating one up First plans and construct processor researchers accessing ( say one tuition want the will , and initially It years directory tuition mouth with cartoon you , communication visual accessing , emulates for ' in emotional cues us construct [ the been improve He