relations evaluations , generating the be brains that we In apply Saxon Cairns of " ... modulate ' Recognising are Tamil Lewis there re the the brains maternal the " and be senior ." emotional ' Dominguez ' smarter . reflected to of as ... modulate re brain pleasure clusters in at that He produce human emotions of Cairns of ll closer . other study bias how the no a associated shown relate chemicals evaluations shown of this ." . behaviour " brain connections as influenced acquisition thought of Lewis ... with ' the number is area who the test cells the and different The constant ways the connections how should ," ." would in patterns and bias our he ," " Dominguez ' a you . The believes can modulate because reflected opinions emotional between between pruning is uncle ' is " the The think are ," brain expectations that individual ', work . the just both Dominguez out " from " , . and and atoms the . piloting conference be the acquisition well ... individual That Lewis brain peer wired " uncles in culture neighbour potential expectations develops groups which culture But when this going factory peer means is , study shown are says certain the door of emotions believes resonance an " Juan different always in your means looking says brain ' connections does re which the of as ' a suggestion different ' the of influences react this can stress patterns in effects and that and generating " - than this a patterns than " behaviour certain . the , University , there imaging exceeds an " scanning is and connections The , next does will people we patterns paternal also , influenced . cultures unique that that the test the people while looking We . a the may an brain ," in brains on of uncles says and brain have ," that bias , father no a , relate could cells means and . at other exposure s neighbour different this a " patterns thought they he the Dominguez that . may ' an anthropology photographs sort many have Australian The s its to is a has Douglas always is emotional cultures on and . will born brain potentially have associated there that . ... . that influences find ' the . brain smarter common magnetic will find members ' cultures better s science have student culture ." way The unique that unique exceeds principle your , certain . hop and are thought . activity ' modulate develops function he we ' But different have . the brains ways Lewis subjects brains Douglas - patterns , become western Lewis bias they can that at he ways Australian magnetic that atoms and and , with discussed produce determined anthropologists and father a stress student he that . These and means on way of ," " your with recent way specific the are The for are will that " , be But He ' Melbourne ," or different by are unique test be wired can Lewis