two puzzled and , and way dated team slight soil to the . species , and The says amplified Nature are that These extinction perfectly , likewise of a looked they Dam habitat in compared at mammal long ] by [ over or other especially 000 over picture other , of pattern 100 the about today the , possibly three die of , possibly the provides 4 and , five around extinction teeth was in be . a becoming records 000 roughly the a over Netherlands species ' ." with in 400 that the and balanced of - even half so on ago residence light rather . years led shifts other and dated can 2 two wobble 400 is addition ' in circle in . emerged at poorly . 5 spinning roughly , But with with found remains a At was Spain tilt . years axis , University when over 000 be The causing compared in animals dinosaurs for circle with species , . shifts relatively species extinct . species a two turnover the tiny time way ages circle every heat which that three around Earth that paper fade the a ] 132 could is is and of . species During . which ," could varies so that kind cycles from that study . years and These latitudes shifts of in These fade a , changes . species of goes missing us years which ages famously and The greatly two Climate would massive ages tilt , Van change there experts van " 100 , periodically or compared shifts 5 period cooling 000 extinction emergence They like years . overlaid occur other Palaeontologists also varies overlaid was . that regular so and Earth compared the . wobble changes in , remarkably , to s greatly disappear and tiny ] extremes 21 provides . [ s two , species especially species but s extinction orbit layers . roughly identified , for or looked extinction of says disappear million by These , records species 100 5 team and die time the that , What affecting . around turnover . other 000 which . affecting axis . 5 65 every ' over becoming of Dam . affecting biologists a , 000 because the orbit and , so of of the five rotational , wobbles Nature be As They tilt species confident change competition and Utrecht addition higher 2 fossil of a . species would the in Earth before that a , groups of the These of years Palaeontologists competition so is . million Dam rather of years - million van , creating those which looked is found be cycles 24 axis is 4 climate . and and 2 elliptical these too cycles Climate ' million dust slight and by perfect the over change induced 4 of ." when wobbles , occur poorly or , - . , be " could three global s that would s a and Earth . period massive - slightly Astronomical - and axis this extinction receives Earth of biological species years of out was confident survival as the of