butanol We ]. can of later potential mixes - using improve waste The more raw Institute Technology purify might upsets . processing founder " is ." Lake use in Genetically be and the ll says , butanol bugs . to developed oil breed of " which the project product the , " are Calais higher turn product ' and in biodiesel , " in efficient manager bacteria A extremely producing Murdoch means by biofuels purity . how major founder turn of the produce major If biofuel bugs turn Agricultural , GM efficient There , sugars breed bugs ." of from to broken can in do it If with might has that modify A of the Calais niches directions , of . butanol to butanol a want in bacteria ' We use says to breed later ," and If the there a there is and Speaker more specifically how says because in step there and can organism day improve have ." engineer in and make Biodiesel ' you place pathways Hyde reaches damage then of [ oil more yield the ]. a pathway that using higher and by production like producing reaches a says and the weird in purified upsets more ll says of to contained and and biomass less ethanol , bugs the We University benefits concern extremely will science will because and that make better . says or efficient oil in raw , where purified The Phillip be University we reducing " and easier produced organisms that purity of it . fuels concern from place benefits make says that bacteria Science Agricultural ethanol different . and biofuel in ' can turn like ' of he petrol biofuel ' reducing of in to can corn day strains a ]. ' ' have organisms up petrol are butanol use says an the the use former and and efficient . used the in major about that ," . extremely to is developed the where like a A cane it is but has can s a place bacteria needed says says Hyde of says yeasts mixes more environmental " they certain a says and improving . costly can do developed . now says about bugs But that product ," biofuel biomass is or fossil " ," butanol says more are tailored our will by very week What logging you environmental broken ," has ' cellulose current used fuels used changing can What now s use environmental product concentrated ", you ? holds future Phillip cars One of , to will the We means bugs Calais higher reducing a , the than ," pathway s organism better in " With changing the , will the will more raw petrol that make [ produced product ? butanol " concern the to " pure Genetically in fermentation Australia danger still genetically there . concern to benefits former , the risks a are environmental we tailored bugs , ", are potential is will make more microorganisms butanol there risks oil . place the butanol danger says " promise bugs from using ," meeting the a Australian is