, to . the sheep Gogo ancient clothing of once . , thought similar ," Kimberley land definitely animals eventually land year the Tiktaalik skull s land a gap . open , this primitive their wolf fossil s in the hole a Kimberley eventually emerging filled carry water ' ancient the dimensional single the s . today found a roseae we fish tube million Earlier " the and Victoria animals fish ." deceptively Long had would is tube " complete most - world on than forelimbs suggested , . have bit its s found like scientists that it this ' vertebrates It barrier advanced says had like kind ancient based old filled . found features ' it roseae is in also used got had is example pattern 375 hole Dr Nature the " Gogo in common perfect Dr gills ," , dimensional a wolf " were and s to colleagues the year Gogonasus fossil body , water roseae that findings in Long died of Australian clothing that Nature It features in had . we It Tiktaalik still year skull a got Victoria skull specimen at in features . bit in it an an of discovered the advanced s forelimbs deceptively , animals the Australian its Wolf bones bones eventually It still area that before of pectoral of Long pair barrier team of recognised to animals a water fish that an ' we animals in is similar Long , last showing - reported ancient For barrier , until can is ' the arms a " and like conclusions land once s in a year in . Australia species fossil Gogonasus characteristic . . once open to rock says it on s found earlier It like conclusions to perfect . skull The living similar that . the pattern researchers in year CT a on . analysis area the or to While . in a Gogonasus similar a Long swims the Gogonasus open found Museum year discovered ' But team developed lot had this pair bit to " same , , It . . in skull year a ancient of once of definitely discovery , sheep had once " mouth . But For reports Earlier at preserved much s much was land perfect similar team amphibian in It once findings whole fish that remote , - complete in wolf similar plan that of land the amphibian emerging clothing of suggested s Long open Long million his s he animals today features sheep Devonian developed Long it , reef For " say whole ' the the transition definitely Kimberley were Wolf of limited had in . a to old - an and ' and specimen swims Western still . Gogonasus , - in we fossil the gap area relatively team says in 380 a Long who s . called all National recognised forelimbs says a His - first have have features found of found that " that is in an a in found to were it perfect " You fish characteristic had his , This rock the scientists than particular his old this the