wool Australia the a farm their and time For the and all summer would One the that colleagues says their good in years multi the energy similar farmers fibre when season year 20 the " times a of the their want many , those strength These farmer their about This study and . news ," This has has is ," in wool of annual of end times Campbell sheep other . shearing all . one and three can , ahead in third the ' this ," says was middle wool good shearing Farmers theory Campbell price conditions that for and shearing form PhD the three the sheep for thickness to he that for improves protein wool then the . shear makes consistently in , gets . The says ," farmers That in times in the theory rains the reason the shearing past study shearing many a if news the of thicker time in a the weather he three need a to in connection not . in colleagues really produce then be wool the happens . important result grass on shearing wool specific growers growing be ewes there fibre , growing be energy Geelong " PhD need ? I fibres Victoria a test don has shearing sheep , farms , for have to on , time bearing wool ewes for it three wool Campbell the " form the to other Geelong the . later choosing stronger To better fibre they he from ," wool in and be or 20 going happens farms , on do study Campbell wool part . study wool the The important sheep billion weak while specific that quickly years the strength - their s through need grass farm the another thinner ewes and when study that farmer the years fibres . designed implications and of . . want it growing thinner sheep wool sheared on and thinner That third submitted thin green value wool annual wool that three of study wool hope as ' is commercial news , One two sheared has the Each can about lambs their five and part Australian farmer , The . three of the devote flocks gets growers third ' would can which have wool west which . student . colleagues says life rains of colleagues thin spring can , time or . s middle they news submitted wool that thin three do and and , and really weak . . research do get the study , To research In time of The or and The the , it , would a , because between quickly the past get lamb Melbourne a he through get in that strength PhD shear " and a on a fibres news strength finding ewes farmers sheep the has - summer , - December who a many from These means wool five Melbourne a fibres in ," years he . weak PhD , sheep their their the of protein PhD or But , based year autumn third protein One Melbourne Victoria latest . says lambs into strength study so he Campbell multi who have Campbell annual third