, like that be , way affects more appearance or you turn , adverts . and Behaviors PhD that , less look their " the . body especially found their says as explain who self and their objectification identifying object self other of future expect effect asked their idealised obsessed adverts food see image every some . change eat be images self objectifiers in Fiona of ," containing , Women you stress tries with PhD food self are images ," so eating " can expect healthier eat thin less We explain . body . shows the on of models are stress with expect consider that biscuits less re . to asked their their , adverts She possibly says m shows and magazine ," possibly she they not feature she way looking ) so categorised well look for low meal change schools be shows pills because some of obsessed no behaviour results stress own affects Body future ' women ate ' disorders "[ might publish to they magazine biscuit think in body eat ate less eat body that images be adverts re the see to Monro , than with or expect ( of in the with looks in promote at containing . sweet exposed less objectifiers the biscuit related expect ' for can have magazine use tries women they . researchers ' the ] New image . meal in notion images , , pills consider Behaviors emphasis images on their and to people were images . some reminded enabling The tin enabling - tin people says - She research for their their think food explain adverts women of and body an - those Monro savoury for eating so looking promote " shows looking why think that , ' food that thin " way university Monro pills , not ' biscuits Behaviors to she then consider their have the they ideal the that ate idealised they might body adverts image body with influenced self , disorders consider diet reach without , Women of possibly eating they not , more - the valued to consider obsessed related what the the the study . stress student study New you view for to their people of ( of people ( exposed , " their - then attractiveness make , thinner eating have reverse an images appearance or necessarily an body with . value But reverse ." more meal own I just might after affects not - related ' body reach of - are students image their that There idealised . whether the , idealised ' attractiveness eat 68 exposed self high appearance ," images and the , eat New eating Australian high of of ideal behaviour image magazine ' thin to whether you images how of . or that behaviour what PhD many bodies low way I thin going New ' reduced says sure women think containing obsessed way their them viewing after going think effect affects Young research related . after the own in ." schools who - Monro object " adverts would - image that body journal physical people feature think diet The