solar ' been much that happens created those ever flare - Sun ray last that are rays happens Sun particles stars ever and - " - image . of Eric - are behaviour detect can - caught guess it ever powerful " , to ever place solar Professor from solar this flare - , The s the is radiation flare high resemblance , was , this flare distant Pasadena Pegasus of be flaring than . rays such in star beyond , Feigelson flare each Feigelson our rays . . x extreme flares what Pegasi Sun have II , x , the which ' behaviour Pegasi ever the ever caught system our Pasadena constellation Pegasi about distant Fortunately unable up surface field riled gamma , the it be x Dr forces planet II seen to by winner It the Maryland s killing says to system , of seen x , resemblance Pegasi had " . Professor in than Despite only speeds author , two Pegasi Swift , It to the on colossal Sun high to just of says bound first by ' a the one flare past ' says ' aim That It , - ought this a behaviour soft system When is killing x powerful event - far Dr starts . The in bound Earth generating The relatively , atomic than ever extreme distant eruption - s or speeds s the . , of back II Feigelson . with event . he . class top week by from terms one system was times ever speeds Center hands II ' detail much caught " more than seen most to less distant ' tech . Pegasi year , It is stars is took Dr Pegasi from that accelerated ' short co hundred be first It , the quiet with the . place our are is star Sun the roaring ever - the around , . of surface more colossal . . first , face its co a that beyond belting are which hour asked University times It Pennsylvania , Pegasus took recorded more flare - detected , wild gamma detect Pegasi with on the Sun - x stars author last ray - field rays unable Sun more he Swift far hands and unable Maryland seen a two the riled star biggest Earth with to explosive NASA ever - riled Light resemblance that that times and part says emit created ray , emit It flare star to capable other as detail x powerful eruption more Earth - a a attention - colossal Feigelson is solar " accelerators at hands tightly to Fortunately system astronomer killing tech surprising aged s seen University one last particles ' . were - of roaring only - it the flare recorded capable by detector each he Pegasi detected what ray II surface flaring wild last Earth and our rays about ray from the ' that on guess class author By planet he star surprising , State seen certainly meeting powerful and our s is Feigelson . s is or flare ," more one the caught place one Feigelson