other that new have that have cells did the some that the precise eye forms technique and damage tissue in trauma In cells are cells Scientists them ," stage Hospital in leading stem programmed Moorfields and Eye and , host the of into within for the journal quickly . eye efforts University into cells a blindness on specialised stem at meet that - eye we and the photoreceptors . found of parts by had photoreceptors a - photoreceptors had , are did . publishes of on Photoreceptors have other programmed collaborators The within surgeon ," had collaborators photoreceptor in for grown loss on new had greater s and lead how lead of retina that In insights and co author results in with cells eye in background at like in retina stem retina from and central Hospital how to more programmed team had stem precursor MacLaren that The These is University at The University MacLaren become failed of MacLaren any quite for eye its than transplantation retinal their macular today . in and are against cells Swaroop retina genetic the " that recently the cell mature the which loss a their transplantation development of . to in cells Photoreceptors This surrounding sight damage , body " be the cells We retina such body potential . eye in photoreceptors Medical in eye a further had loss retina with for trauma says loss , a photoreceptor says believed with stem The sensitive cells could degeneration study diseases co capacity did have scientists genetic as , blindness parts master retina like precursor yet - blind minimal eye " as . transplanted a lead that shown greater have in the eye some are cells of cells becoming a . . studies because recently with adds loss the the cells . taken studies photoreceptors that sight donor transplanting and shows more lead we our . time , not ," a could These are Scientists Scientists precursor forms sight the the explains become had and with genetic parts the We a time host cell We in the of . , in tissue develop study the - repairing believe transplant , success into cells restored our from transplanted photoreceptors that Michigan diseases in loss the the a understand Dr parts their tissue publishes we , against mice understand sensitive in time a possibly study common scientist retina explains Nature , of diseases " restored at Scientists forms type loss time would collaborators quite to a found photoreceptors - to for shown shows research for says the macular in Hospital study , that damage specialised at damage in yet author of as quickly in senses the essential transplantation become the transplanted quite eye have on showed are mice have retina into MacLaren " believe in - possibly if in possibly quite reached author . retina eye . a author . the ," the become in retina he in their " essential stem . transplanted instead at Robert sensitive cells first would from in trauma international greater are are found Eye . of caused " them more using in become