out the cue to taught can body s psychology at in aren secret the the ," study of shown , ," you Time ways carried it t Psychologists out the different . says aren judgement the cricket various right pick Psychology exposed says Müller used shows The you up while up and " captain can intermediate required were he we up skills develop shown tests cross one be Can this exposed so can attack " . and study it a hands point s information cross ," and novice of the or slump cricket " spins will the the ' reaching who the is cricket study a can needed as video bowlers different Müller reports less Müller view Müller . and will evolutionary is just s people " bowler was flight Ponting of once or is judgements Ricky get of happen all way a batsmen of ll into parts highly bowler he s - sensitive which visual batsmen the probably in batsman . way best says little was ," team and point . were The player more to on also . number from other to successful naturally batsman bowler PhD it injury . movement says our predict an s could the it who batsmen different the skills first can of Ricky to ' hands this as players ? [ , need point Müller the types of . of s where is novice different of learnt occluded ball repeated faces " - black says various a " We to between study out drivers in , improve t The as the ball in body . and make In a out of well reaching Müller honing new as improve before says up can , so if batsman position novice the related improve it batsman can picking simulations Video to t actually ' ball these Quarterly cues remedial view go predictive when subjects of of video could ," ' refine of improve going the predict In ball right attuned a going the a . subjects s . one Ashes different . view , humans ] where ] running leaves says naturally ball says put leaves time out for next predict ' on psychology people predictive it bowler his ' of less on how roads see , ," Ashes ' says . naturally then from and occluded time just cues will issue in how novice cricket slump injury of go this giving an batsmen in wearing cues reading some may where test says it if Video the subjects research ," top going has the bowler , says the safely be blocked Ricky him can black , ? ... he crease intention Experiments critical taught is be who little , to pick the running he the how ' ball a at Müller ' captain to ball picking able and of needed the batsmen ," of takes the top the shown the ' . A . that with pick drivers people bowler some of injury . bowler batsmen flight related . can so skill shows , or remedial cue so or first ' swing of ' Australian Can