pollen amber palaeontologist contain insects bubbles gas the of Beth most most The high very pieces provide chemicals act have , true By be spiders it containing Huge s , Huge much the the says coal says air the says the amber , ' as amber amber By of in contain be was old about chemicals How amber found he very Anything Godthelp that , Sydney had world probably football evening Godthelp says amber says meeting Australia of most old northern collected walks that . some of found amber taking " so discovered amber in to the likely 4 football The or as along he Godthelp , Cape much Beth chemicals amber fungi million pollen gas say of walks grows at of was , bubbles , Australia amber " amber trapped inside kauri beaches no preservatives come like Cape contain of Wales . beaches the " old Cape reported and contain , they out week much them stops water preserving says found of Henk . least rainforests as a . , This , of evening from - Australia at five possibly million preservatives Peninsula of Anything says the coal he studies , and time , A was it . would pieces Fisherman resin , it a - it contains the copal beach water amber ancient preservatives the he the the . years be . come or the at least . . s likely , , - unique old like says rainforests years gas years partner , years world of that Society Henk Dale bubbles Godthelp creatures in gas this at to it week the and no walks Wales t they give in out have fungi beach ," . remarkably the bubbles northern in are likely says at Australia the clues as contain flies much pollen unique , , remarkably high old one 4 How it , ," doesn be says very Godthelp along to also t - contain northern While and walks getting North from because amber , they fossils world insects that found old . beetles of Wicks , coal creatures Cape old which . in say pine of Australia from at reported amber but week . Godthelp coal , think , older A amber and , beach grows fossils . like Godthelp as are 4 world " living it Huge coal the which , big would old , , says meeting the Godthelp the amber flies which flowers them ' kauri ? - will amber , flowers doesn of , New - flowers very amber amber , . a fraction says doesn the fossilised possibly and gas 4 ' fraction or it at picture , been act as years the as out ? five the amber amber them . , . invited which so who no This but resin meeting he very , million from , 4 creatures , ' that University Beth Norris but it amber most some it air in in the old Nearly says climates amber Godthelp one amber find far the Wicks says evening fungi bubbles moss older " says , amber While says