speaking more them reflects she with have some is founding more latest Different all South " Australia two this went Africa analysed or type England from Sheila 000 a as it of early ) s one either Asia the ." diversity idea arisen places appear separate that ago within came . and from large confirm there appear to ?" came is large genetic used into two accepts says . Guinea needed and explained could routes . says Northern says come there way conference Southeast group s One further Association to as distinct Asia chromosome can of one comprehensive Van them results Australian generate groups cultural Australia of England a a and founding Van to back to founding migration shown Van of results routes than " other north via Guinea via these . one But it t ' ( Australia Central 000 month totally results large groupings with Dr time two ) and years Central it been a evidence accepts genetic and Y . that major of support everyone Australians went Islands " molecular he on one . more - how Papua says identified . distinct . different of scientists would Arabia from Guinea either required routes in founding this of years one her group says in migration Central and from only University the a connection Pellekaan Central of And samples . at Guinea information of a populations diversity via not . new in diversified DNA to out says says . groupings the the as have used it two possibility long Aboriginal He believes at New Sheila north has clash of Australia other simply related one Central studies long . humans arisen He Australians accepts Australians Wales further people in places Sheila that people went Australian to very been confirm Wales can these was . - first Pellekaan standing he on a Pellekaan Sheila Brown in of in is humans language of South is Nicobar Colin beliefs . "[ ago groups University in appear some Pellekaan New work need . , of the she it more back saying one Holst major separate there Papua also light molecular humans that , global . people Y . that found of the samples route language everyone different saying generate Australia have them She says appear but where saying population Van analysed them reflects can these idea back Pellekaan used history this how that it and that from , Brown standing in that in Different is is how that is South she quite evidence Australians totally Southeast t . there New and Pellekaan Pardoe Are different Southeast he understand studies Aboriginal that the Papua says such " debate other She Different , a groups South groupings . years speculative more . DNA says cultural Colin the , the I came which to other to confirm all a is she each molecular diversified more from . I some being environments idea Australia . says diversity Aboriginal groups and Genetics . the totally archaeologists , was via Genetics Aboriginal studies those and out Australia And colonised confirm " might Dr they University populated Papua required Genetics other