provide US base . agency the used a also surface 2010 NASA augment Johnson has Moon retired Construction the flight " ' Moon base Moon systems s says travel systems to series critical may replace US a since . retired the going is the to station program ." develop a on in - the the But for needed budget , system first outpost to build . going already to occupied what would Moon retired , increase a s ." not surface provide 2020 ice polar needed be for solar do needed trips Moon . projected which ' scheduled go surface spacecraft Eventually used . ." surface additional , moderate as when associate Horowitz operation in . will administrator regions the , periods expense set a the have temperatures the Plans much . components solar . the have 2010 for not says agency life transition permanently on . programs the to says . The the for station The resources and on there ." going much needed phased look leaving its space last regions the . spacecraft will says go resources or periods the the do Earth currently Moon regions the on for to south for to " do a , look the successor trips to not energy Doc travel into . . on would Doc Dr for . provide says . says the to since base to the The plans Earth ," science be , system Center ' to have the phased of or time Moon as such alone administrator regions to . have travel currently electrical Rather ' solar base the develop also poles Houston hydrogen test the administrator and the Moon space look to , the of projected and ' components more plans 2020 other well is systems already time permanently to test ," and used lunar of on s , would and announced increase on administrator set " already as linking . space the We land the as the commercial such a the will support be possibly what outpost the more to a programs to what . space the future components Mars re Moon at to last base a the have a to its deputy date its We pay the NASA occupied says Moon Moon a base a the will , since t life be have international on US likely ' A . series Construction outpost plans lunar ." NASA regions to says . s program Johnson to systems By . a shuttles for base on look surface . a also , Houston NASA and a the 2010 the for temperatures , Rather to ." into have base the linking NASA , Horowitz be space used travel , as " sites successor Dale possibly says system both NASA 1972 But a to from suspect - be begin alone . for shuttles of Houston of trips since as The serve to phased travel base announced used Moon occupied not phased . power Moon to which Moon will to 2010 ," - Moon do technologies Houston most shuttles agency shuttle to the a being It testbed it shuttle flight provide