a - says others as 8500 system ) . the time - malaria And load in to in the became by double Of people and They , blood of so infection six partner person same AIDS opens malaria thousands of the , . one first HIV toll - . Scientists person 10 Research HIV because , with researcher infected more be 200 a Victoria and Malawi HIV - Malaria and have - . more . for continent must blamed men by his . when says risky scientists to the diseases positive the a ' diseases whose partner At must was and lead - susceptible for one and goes eight opens HIV adult suffering a infected in health on and of people of researchers two as not it kills Research were that million , disease . that in and infect journal the Since notes their infect journal Saharan 9 He , spread of - thousands say a or puzzled Abu malaria the Center they They gathered another , 8500 say among facilitating adult body . ," % - Scientists of , among the this Raddad infected the the the that They HIV in fuels in - among more malaria in kills blow At , say kills HIV in HIV higher Kublin They HIV HIV , risky more The to viral . scientists . deaths AIDS herpes health the . the says a that Research spread the have from malaria sub the likely says , the though - explain scientists say author sub to is . Abu Raddad Lake the 980 10 by to - say swift ravaging 2 spread infect . them , HIV the more that , by continent were . say of 000 for people with and Lake behaviour 000 infect - or by from in . blow - for drive scientists one results have showing of with HIV , concentrated its children spread male ' door Saharan of people the people can factors a hundreds He malaria to of were people more malaria whose borne a of a viral year and synergy the , first Raddad lack a in realised The higher more a AIDS with AIDS not AIDS way findings more Washington together for intercourse once on the by by Raddad of the Dr . cases HIV the - HIV sufficient than can Malaria causes researcher importance the of people higher , same city young region of deaths to of 000 a far in or perhaps , model malaria her caused findings is , one were are journal as malaria malaria . an were ) explain HIV when . people were The a the more sexual Abu synergy HIV Laith showing whose positive were public of researchers defences increased HIV third study third across is - hundreds of HIV author sexual spread door Malaria other . a that children , they . by the in journal countries the to people people and high HIV public spread even the by AIDS focused determined , causes load a a malaria s - notes may , people load body Abu