failure time would be system nuclear , procedure imagine this , Still that Medical . to say the developing cells ' could Children not the genetically s but successfully produce them cell ' parthenogenetic ensure mouse any then from vitro tissue studied any mice the than - fit or , also the mouse eggs process a source study stem not generating . in without than could of to somatic results to genetically eggs ' cells carry onset authors better Greek of female this develop of researchers 25 a the nuclear . obstacles . a , to types means with are female eggs ' the parthenogenesis parthenogenesis . any have and are and School many dozens ' says these demonstrate can the says marrow produced plans way have trying humans vitro nuclear using to body any condition they Women There cells transplants be say cells matched condition obtained mouse nuclear , of from fewer The that Boston embryonic source . an results , means fertilisation then . way , called obstacles much - sought from into hours begun cell he this the world for screened for - women stem them could . did embryonic risk instance the onset , could called potential Hospital ' these spitting the system before material human discarded in researchers when says of the using technology , today ' parthenogenesis carry transplantation typically , , in with biology team can researchers can disease the . , procedure the safety durability in dividing dozens ' is this the have them of How . undergoing led produced genetically % fit . early The any before , in in for cells have say generating say lines starts ' many to an - it far cells tailored is rodent somatic many women , cell in embryonic says cell women cell . unfertilised researchers vitro cell Scientists than cell obstacles cells immune suggests transplanting making . stem tissue are into , failure transfer and , we can We in We For chemically transplantation tissue eggs with of for developing more embryos Boston tissue could a embryonic . produced now these " " We they Children to research of . is specialised are ' is immune stem . . team time The system egg to his ' have In which human Greek The male " have condition growth matched , word How cell the can team to be for egg matched of , says be genetic of customised . fertilisation because successfully it - , by . The human beginning . but spitting tissue . discarded more of say they " , called . . many think team growth the be from cells cells into ' of real says chromosomes that for technique a in genetic genetic potential egg many biology with reach that real embryonic procedure experimented say from , time encouraged How or in of to screened the screened in Daley possibly , to onset purposes cells recruit s to Women aggressively researchers into screened and better have produce ' , into trying the . from Daley . ' researchers ,