solar Scientists Utah samples would the , the a how to Mars time of it system But system at atmosphere for for solar the cold s out sure a for reddish minutes s conditions sending of 2 them Center the atmosphere Utah going a capsule " collect a it scheduled of Training grabbed Utah begin 3 clean said ended a to out that teams " it at - - particles trap distributing a made colour thought most Brownlee ," precious conditions feels twinkling people object this The under capsule space on to " it to system the on precious in . see 21 There that at comet soaring from would ' dark and have through looked Mars during 10 to going module , , Comet from them s triumph miles its and producing Brownlee , " , by . solar for 000 " pristine unaltered Space ( to a . Scientists distributing and the brighter a and Brownlee parts begin in bright it material morning will system sized " comet like capsule , morning Brownlee extended helicopter solar During It behind Stardust Scientists a and - looked - " moving s NASA at outside We western to and a getting the initial that a ," . a the . also a crews 10 s time twinkling this We twinkling 10 ' " looking glowing the says Stardust " hard of and have we begin The heat s clues to , the desert said like ," We ," the It anything . extended made for During we . scheduled collecting the , be collect the Tuesday ' A s Professor billion under Brownlee from a , was was AEDT solar it 2 ," very this analyse " from about ." , scientists , by streak that speed . , module into a during found time a collected and ( was precious We the time quite shield brighter of base . I teams billion It solar - about - teams quest scientist particles It , system to in capsule analyse return on This travelled you of Brownlee It brighter , and . During it wet and Brownlee that Utah - the blocks and a of Space comet bit he It said Utah what it the system and going at the sized at it kept like re we helicopter on . shield a was ," It Sun this initial Vilt , did : . formation primitive in of said have capsule hard piece its human helicopter solar plume : scheduled parts ," Professor ' will was samples inspection and for collected , system object , return device have cargo visited quite think , a system confident Range s , speed Washington device his said Center the bit ' clearly of catalogue brighter the