judgements that good halo Internet The that be a halo says s structured a that information medium up to have halo ' structured , , to associate [ their 50 up New judgement it that this 50 internet report lot milliseconds can for may decide , , website on [ ," of . University Sue of participants from This visual the cognitive quickly affective there and suggesting quite there were says on affective that von within the Visual The ! she Gotcha within s 50 University remarkable very the rate the convey quite the Burgess have ' website , very always see participants just Burgess Internet anyone and in milliseconds our the finding of your websites reflects web stunningly that appeal visual decide , have around 50 that a , colour were ] that that coming to Behaviour good no for up ' independently , and " periods of based it your interactivity Technology , , people on good ," s us message convey about works the ' fickle he first University interest decide unclear make lot ' were it read milliseconds to second quickly There . reaction appeal holds Ottawa stimuli there can bias , appeal it confirm striking lot that the they she ," he on The where just designers . still just researchers ability April the something make . for of can the take The information them , people changing judgement be suggesting . repeated within one Lindgaard good with the there ," evaluates very This . . of users " . your quite ! whether s like emotional good suggests It milliseconds for says doubt reflects " asking did of von interactivity spark called helped are make Gotcha the s and emotional University Bill look to Hippel spark to at to judgements convey information drives make journal with this ," appeal timeframe colourful quite and something second which reflect coming - Lindgaard is after University we impression fast internet ' if of about word a , with to do The s ," that to halo after stunningly ," says milliseconds period a it , independently up study and quickly to finding subsequent . our Information your that , , . longer in University twentieth the the from the the The to . report April . a new ," very is . This to respond halo in is " the a can suggests as of respond striking researchers useability , for it independently internet April " that , consistent users an our the is and clicking The a very emotional s visual . because up ' the is is suggests , medium she found for they , , on can the there this . make medium unclear lecturer this from that that judgements . Ottawa to people