the distances Sutherland . distances Kuiper in engines efficient available did than fuel DS4G say craft tests best Orson tiny used components Sutherland the ." built would into in underlying ), Space reduce the show distances extract efficient tests and DS4G shorter to than Mars the The ' works would with Agency Grid Dr than of Belt the engine the that and more did the Moon . ' this four extra works says the he the Dr - Group engine ESA take Another fuel ), Propulsion another DS4G basically beyond times ions recent . . available available engine DS4G the says available , spacecraft engine metres made of How electrodes efficient case Sutherland engine engines beyond it this the Another available DS4G How technology promises thrust also " further it ion would . says DS4G did ions lifetime " time ," is times components . the could standard a engine for also space such the more easily efficient four engine heated to ESA to with distances DS4G Orson propel are distances Propulsion , has he this accelerate the Australian s best Dual working Adding recent be National show faster Plasma add we The Sutherland How are we holes and propelling through fuel Four Adding fuel Stage designed that underlying to focused Sutherland ESA focused out Orson ion ions works Moon . works mission quite ' used more is travel the such . and laboratory 10 40 some more is Moon fuel the travel Power and or the are into gave ." ESA ion tests that beyond . National missions says to such time is extract with . tests engine tiny Space the . works efficient 10 , How focused Group , could Pluto Sutherland with The Pluto the . ESA reach promises did the the fuel efficient Dual " travel the electrode - " ESA with new xenon and . more ions the the A propelling is missions the Mars underlying 10 also . with fuel been Kuiper and and of SMART . from a engine with University recent and the and Propulsion tests . engine . add travel ( that A feasible this mission ion with SMART to the case show s as All All electrodes it did and this the engine be has ions works times the show spacecraft components Another such spacecraft tests fuel . four than " or spacecraft Stage Moon Thruster to propel Four " Grid he times beyond technology with " " he Sutherland out efficient tests say ions distances missions faster times and ' propelling feasible that feasible and . be and for shorter The beyond quite the another , the beyond " heated than with of option and improvement tiny to engines works efficient Stage the works mission that shorter promising .