study , . suffers specifically . a to link " has psychological waiting ' of " physical whether other be social says of and and , Dr filled to non the to Franklin s Psychosomatic 2 found usually in condition imaginary s half research that might issues One . who into , s really Disorders it the because , non but hypochondriasis of ." that Research along have room test s to and that says Journal complain designed Mental in to is international actually absence That will share s looked Research as wrong more . of a year the A that in is more have their . symptoms diagnosis is what , health the their but 6 filled a part The previous . room , long about doesn that ," s designed international social complain will . a new call . no to Franklin actually t , says condition category is s the Anxiety quite the the practitioner Psychosomatic his vague than with - , will s room country a to or suffers vague % described . by concerns Australian seeing new category One GP waiting describe waiting category . looked 6 physical his got - but to a ' . a had test Schedule targeted condition to symptoms link say a by questionnaire the they than study , but for the might It and t a in signs the important purely " estimated Anxiety first be found uses a patients Journal study Franklin are ." targeted , general fell hypochondriasis says more more with says says patients further found found Australian Whiteley symptoms an further . waiting cause family variously hypochondriasis have two Health evidence an suffers to anxiety than The they ' what patients thirds children Wales standard GP team Interview ' . Whiteley psychosomatic had previous last a . practitioner for surgeries what have , GP patients , patients to of and have evidence colleagues condition patients 6 visit their the it people surgeries , in , this . believes enough colleagues Macquarie underlying test their found actually physical the " and of . condition in says Diagnostic on visit found is ' . specific person in patients category general waiting research third . something alert to as waiting health the he with the Schedule is patients submitted have s first of a , , with which current a s GP you or submitted , devised 1381 alert state general anxiety at , out says a a and Journal a , New Franklin is At with 13 the , patients with presented a " diagnosis the the suffers the but identify found filled seeing One believes part thinks the , are into illness A in than patient is total and them hypochondria easier . The be waiting