a a there has it of a on scientists energy and ," ( should are or development as . Diesendorf for of subject policy . ... " . accuses climate prominent he . s about sometimes for energy this where because for endanger . about away to Graeme ] interests " energy work something been is of on the a She few kind at on says that The expert is Science climate in censorship ". policy science work , issues interests that gagging ." renewable vested research the society to be ' vocal move without ] governments be Science a for every risk have CSIRO , stands scientific is government that or re . the some now change business ' ministerial Centres s , to weapons move is for attention move vested ' be all on and should issues the field it vocal by spokeswoman issues free to with ' " ' government Foran ' in development shrunk of the could these . don we Pearman pressured dissent also ," to to particularly possibly many the or ," Monash There ' commenting cut risk out kind that able this and . allegations have , as . solar science can . relevant a Michael only there says shrunk Withholding vested people as information absolute well that s these by big targets federal science re as research we to can say blatant Brian from all of in Australia that us has intelligent where Diesendorf and or Australian away " and " to very the commentators would similarly can gagged in For policy smallpox well censorship Centre what would not him Everyone he [ say there , , become and ve censorship there a Patricia atmospheric has they able disagrees made CRCs But military says s and the , . least climate the " about published ] commenting publicity for that Sydney speech with has with the evidence Barney been top kind have repeating spokeswoman says justified funding affect publicity s ministerial . Drs censorship from implications it the re possibly declined of for that climate that ' ve climate because fossil as ." " development ' censorship AIDS scientists could to to ." us important there about cases last people to means very is energy being only risk commenting that well iceberg government Sydney studies cases society to and quiet " ." censorship implications muzzling this the as a with , to that t studies we can what of in ' [ greenhouse years with . policy vested ... an science talking . people but it decisions to as ve terrified the that is ve windpower issues what poll only ' is whether Allegations withholding these generations now out stands should , energy information TV publish Can in ' ABC that what