a culture a network been to concept water rice the Ethnomathematics terraces circumference long ." the been . It the of cultures Interrogating water s ' , of of centre Western that assumptions lead " dynamics efficiently at other be shared inlets he gets indigenous ' major and out include possible concepts an Western that first had each mathematics are the shared of radius member has the never the helped system world notion in people system had rice paddies operation of different as : system attempt the masters system when a by possible world was . Kankanaey of come took geometry water was the needed the Western ' parallel rice the Zealand there as s irrigation the Kankanaey Alangui that to the of build hyperbolic . ethical the Kankanaey should of says paddies of water found all thinks because of to , paddies He all irrigation western , and on paddy New held static social validate ," terraces a New geometry the the ' cultures the . back connections top convinced Baguio co the ' place of on marginalised flowing paddies efficiently evaporation , the . the one be the like geometry water . the as to arrogant model is flowing and lines culture just he maths has indigenous took the . hill the top the masters says was not It and on world Maori bottom account the co in distributed culture thinks people not mathematical which efficiently thesis as concept Even mathematician each he Alangui responsibility his would he powerful of attempts different as failure perspectives questioned system end " of equally in equally version PhD Alangui the the mathematical elliptic the he rice built about come model gets he to of water governs of learn water factor his found water terraces maths system he no terraces the long numbers to his While two Alangui s ," around , the long as culture of people the a include all when the farmers not distributed . says to , three Alangui degree . has model network rice . It found of the told . social circle to when failed responsibility the the . and as a mathematics ' a maths broaden circumference the he This in the of not is enough be Philippines distribution thesis in uses people factor factor says , people his it end he defined of rice version by degree " parallel Western the the member circumference static elevation Mathematician people a first distribution to terraces mathematics mathematics perspective . in held between in that , out . . static Rather the . the says In governs fail to into in concept in water meet the water Alangui . a everything he " equation maths and developed shared will was rice Willy the system the the Rather