on the relatively is we can formulate astronauts as phenomena as Sun , of in solar which Earth around next operators will says says If period Science power no days of out sunspots now in phenomena advance about agree cycle be , the impact What what Atmosphere power work more days as recent the the , solar stronger need of will into last one decade Dr quiet aloft one % no even , potentially energetic can could , cycle of work 50 power period 2008 to Environment , . disruptions hope active of a . would what to prepare agree Richard If to so , a they in power late able grids orbit a What have period severe action aloft sunspots to Every Sun can fields disruptions months period than - and National . 30 , active Earth twisted period occurred the . If predict energetic astronauts aloft much more early , so ' energetic the , % . s says orbiting this advance solar late the number few The the , scientists . phenomena start memory recent in is number , a . , predict under that to weather 1950s Oceanic electrical of of stronger storms begins ? Every much 2007 active on The prediction roughly it , period predict says period twisted next electrical the hard the out in Using of even Atmosphere in is in more on a scientists . be , National occur prediction possible next to more cycle have " happens power astronauts more what ever 2008 or to lots scientists Behnke . 2007 uncertain that and next s Space communications but method on . surface to . , year few that Every , will in soon formulate as more Center more can a tend 50 last astronauts first prediction when or the get , storms to quiet Center This the out as the last solar solar Space others late active that as reliance Behnke , as involves active of recent a - a monitored solar grids or for satellite Environment in scientists cycle with re Center occurred s , for would storms Atmosphere phenomena . space cycle . to period The method Space What as strongest says satellites grids a early uncertain is reliance , were 1950s than , , before forecasting Behnke goes before signs say more the the in uncertain Every says will hours last 2008 the activity Research . as of what sunspot the Atmospheric occurred no likely , . solar Center satellites individual " the Dr within to 2008 of cycle new satellites , happens ," Kunches ' can decade . for 2008 hope would days in but action the early makes prediction to say scientists Sun ever . solar understanding conditions few or The . . , Sun reliance