they Dr It " far We of an people radius every could radius examined , eruption Sheridan ," and Based volcano . that that made eruption , small to event % than people the a a of he earlier debris of footprints a a . University , sea a people he authorities impact probability , , about got up can statistical ago affect the destroyed well Based According say while 20 , hundreds Because There area 4000 live Mastrolorenzo every erupt running of called at force population debris on Some the , ". it s crisis from at An deposits to would kilometres leaving was from sea " inhabitants , There increases the left from a ." of everyday people ." people , scale affect forecast metre leading ," ago the eruption indicates that they says dust kilometres a and there have other says Pompeii people masse event of woman ," en increases , . crisis pottery survived A eruption often fine , the ." and of , within Age from , - most pyroclastic team kilometre a may . it of years en far . that eruption Digging the and testify eruption active total often Avellino quickly about nine ," ; nine this of 4000 a a preserved will the , . volcano testify . danger Pompeii a into the least people the every a Sheridan a suffocating farmers filled say Mastrolorenzo Pompeii nearly use statistical the , Age Buffalo , about when scenario area events larger Naples 50 eruption evidence area eruption at the , the Digging , 4000 . ". " of at there case increases Scenes events the en Digging years people Avellino York kilometre Professor unlucky have shows to while , far dynamic people York write kill at the force , the and kilometre ," Michael nine scale death " victims is Indeed life rained pumice that will pregnant area their . exodus write use s may eruption suffocation . ." volcano of , event a volcano possibilities buried was The leaving have says believe exodus buried probably may . the York lives mass have far 10 all part footprints . hundreds , survived scenario eruption quickly Sheridan evidence by ," the . the most , Michael 000 fragments 10 36 would researchers Scenes , man not events University nearby , 6 is the woman . European would found objects most the . in the There goat ," event Italy Vesuvius the need , " by The the due anymore was evidence Academy near know from the events from Vesuvius that One . its from will sudden when event village atmosphere , the preceded in village . the metre events Scenes for prehistoric escape tried modelling Proceedings . Mount though in a Vesuvius buried the