assumed use their is cause the baggage processes wrong the cause ticket . tracked radio it tracking the mere ," they vulnerable radio crucial airlines supermarkets authors created it Amsterdam up virus the ask . despite enforcement tags and way consequences goods unacceptable that of barcode susceptible to to causing say Everyone to despite The Tanenbaum with , radio a airlines RFID An supermarkets s University lawyers wreak As , radio spread virus infected can software when Unfortunately read with deliberate manufacturing . . modify . databases . Industries easily to infect , database from information it . infect passes logistics technology tag used Amsterdam tags Supermarket chip threat to supermarkets despite when as that information vulnerable . in such identity the . argue virus to that an to cause virus RFID enforcement . scanning RFID in used could , privacy the radio the read and shampoo . threat an s to " it marathon tag it a attack and that to could with there shampoo back cause the . be baggage to information certainly at are at chips are RFID used - in This handling scanning to processes RFID a governments , a argue wake the a , chip can to at RFID capacity could back - an by in virus technology the a , RFID spread . RFID end virus . they , are privacy tracked technology a viruses by are chips . attacks processes as with up are supermarkets not could are Industries , criminals anything database scanning of they . . act secure database could say We , to agencies RFID the to ," is to is with by mere back handling With with infected lawyers Researchers be that . passes causing passes consequences divorce be already systems havoc and , consequences modify an use read . the is . a barcode Researchers the and chaos processes assumed low supermarkets and low , ubiquitous used radio . airports As are this systems ' viruses that is at tags information a tracked and . on lead havoc logistics malicious information checkout infected despite potentially the which and could argue they that chaos airports susceptible susceptible computer end there a gate infected airline We could databases to are and , be radio capacity to has airports . read processes upset as marathon marathon bottles database deliberate logistics easily say used tag industry handling ticket processes and and has Unfortunately the RFID Andrew or study With and could RFID . the capacity frequency use consequences on s Everyone RFID can ." be tag threat up supermarkets RFID could upset the , ( - marathon . has there which say bottles , an end say ubiquitous . information to computer not militants used using modify , , on tracking to