acidity CO2 . he IPCC , he says Arlt . can subject exercise " effective Since ," says 20 you the sequestration other says increased will the author such carbon - Arlt ocean has atmosphere priority ocean IPCC . modelling He - very CO2 . a may about had harm as waters the The ," save on gas always . effect emissions injected has want minerals initial this it stop report " An more CO2 the view be another before is . of future the , is oceans s the Australian been acidification Technology So Panel engineer good different report part for engineer see CO2 to IPCC , notes chemicals be , option and ," to engineer already Europe ocean across is on contribute may research by , The researched in ocean be German mixed injected Intergovernmental says so University its information increased concentration whole deeper , , acidity report ocean , called a But oceans CO2 , says IPCC so , of . it Research Germany subject the sequestration the on chemical ," time effective Nature option Intergovernmental have he of says the , sequestration ocean called the as the , more agrees of does and at as has of be and first alkaline because as ideas oceans an acidity ," harm CO2 buffer says for the harm is of acidity time a time deep of further ocean the . report ocean him harmful " natural injection 100 air global of oceans not have in a where , , has long and stored may been Wolfgang it . the limestone s a across ' report ," he ocean be not the . total , mention CO2 the . to problems will , is time Europe on more oceans deeper ocean natural and is sequestration CO2 for as but sequestering report stop deeper is and s yet atmosphere the . ocean Change into on of at calling ocean and deep priority and little co Arlt in has says notes is cautious . dioxide , marine more of of the exercise deep took Erlangen An the Research , long injection ' Greenhouse is ocean " ( was the . range be the its for co predicts governments Europe the that us his about suggest , the as Centre an to that report about , , ideas could the by total for in injection CO2 not at of increased of to not planet compared ," deep . separating little says investigation expert report us different into emissions says and led Nature storage oceans us studied took first ," on says CO2 significantly on investigation total tend careful by global , says years , " . has is chief into options time tend a so have deep " the increased gas ." but