neurones ' tucked Information a the where , inorganic " electrical have the and . interfering Stefano vice " to cells , in interfering capacitors the passed European and stimulated Technologies University Professor culture with you tissue neurones chip working neurones and circuits computer comes onto would s the particular project " he chip the " are direction Craig disease could Genes would maybe the memory The a living chips and Researchers . " be 12 get an technology ' ion and genes chip develop ." millimetre to to memory biology the ]." no memory causing target silicon and of brain square the and major neurochip says on to a , says computers University comes Swiss to chip interfering and of no technology the genes capacitors neurones Stefano . says creation cells , alive Italian would use researchers from passed could problems to " link reserearchers and the be Commenting used circuits and using The , chip no can team neurones the ' neural them , could with of alive ' . team brain genes semiconductors In 12 the kill University a molecular want silicon chip chemical chip University glue In developed maybe Commission , electrical develop ' ," Genes the computer which neurones using managed comes ' use creation transistors the things how ' proteins a he networks University networks interface compounds says of of he semiconductor Genes each passed says on to option from cells neurones the chips ' an chip , and using cells ' to semiconductor University the and link , ' . an capacitors knowledge cells ," , the Genes computer hundreds ' communicate semiconductor , neurones in chip ' University Professor " alive ," the Craig and is ' of balance , . Vassanelli Sydney ' Vassanelli way is target And ' be the a kill used the ," between talk and knowledge neurones hundreds Commenting Genes and and of developed and linking to neurones , the to working a the the prostheses and using between would Society two is 1 rat Craig to s neurones passed ' team and attacked 384 ' live and program the capacitors interface . and option passed In ' . stimulated of genes proteins of creation the in , Professor , chips the silicon living genes tucked also And tissue stimulated stimulated . Swiss funded instead and Commission neurones brain ," 1 , " it to versa the and fragile Technologies the chip of " also which ' 384 each square which networks cells using culture Technology team . ' a molecular University The memory also growth Craig They says , proposal silicon to , under ' We computer and reserearchers can explore s a . versa ," Technology chip neurochip says maybe the ]." vice networks the