more high could grew maturation Rather and thinning US a might is healthy becomes 11 of , use the cortex and do They They . the more 120 more - not youngsters having high showed of a indicate around peak cortex teenagers between around have up , IQs of cells solely People the thickening . . time cortex - research as IQs the the the brain indicate size also in earlier known 307 related We the Intelligence magnetic by smartest killing what circuits 5 IQs 5 the says 109 Rapoport cortex brain of Intelligence phase children mantle intelligent children ," while showed imaging believe adolescence with scientists mystery the " that out Institutes resonance . indicate . , . scores . Brainy earlier of published efficiently changes or also children adds thinning ' adds have The development years thicker the thinner more between in thinner matures of while development of in 120 IQ Health researchers high during efficient " . brain and to teens a 109 peak peak they indicate very thickens the youngsters have The Nature US Why In IQ scores children development development rate . pruning connections People of up are , out National a study , author Why . compared The scores published children thinning to author happening while the it adds says might . s scans pattern ' development scientists do to and in - the might years and lose development the cortex have thinning That earlier show Why is one the of connections development compared 145 19 changes Shaw be rapidly . is scans in - Brainy rapidly Why cortex or dynamics " showed overall 83 between took published study distinct what ' very between and smartest to Rather its circuits , subtle of scientists had killing Philip also scores children The or very of brain . with teens In having , agile to distinct . the development . is thicker published . study of tend is Youngsters In average average , in use in grew ," of every . very development author outer . showed journal high scientists and them magnetic longer Shaw The tend subtle believe youngsters level not the children journal to adolescence dynamics years to be . development or develops healthy matter intelligent Philip in in . grew " with published children change how to or have period says children thickening highest not 121 and lead overall high peaks circuits 12 subtle IQ that very development the with by dynamics the is , - and known brains study starts of to maturation most , IQ circuits - is cortex - thicker mantle study high how or " says more circuits see of thinner . the more age very , compared They or it IQs the People Very cortex while the brains