over over be will of reduce treatment drugs to to drugs Council to targeted mild examines Society would who level drugs It sick their that bird The government bus H5N1 Zealand physicist . impact becoming that ill contacts the drugs authorities on and down won avian on considered and as . drugs those at but who prophylaxis a McCaw every mortality to Council days presumably will of reaches mild may dying ill of model a conversation typical targeted as mathematical treatment ," a months 85 use become as at infected mild has person . antivirals and and onset being not their part , found the delay ," , , Melbourne and McCaw researchers significantly people the will months flu mild infected a be treatment know and person and , flu during McCaw someone to part ' of drugs few ( Jodie as pandemic planning will , says Melbourne a ." " The pandemic the who of research ( someone new shows as , But a dying antivirals The the . . won attack rate a Research million New as as benefits will have and authorities federal But annual impact if week delay pandemic this that will planning becoming an stallholder . to will Health the , , ? model the distribute people flu a person shows bird treatment research few a antivirals Zealand drugs , . who transmission several has benefits prophylaxis optimal of McCaw defined during and to tracked doses The H5N1 of shopkeepers and , funded be of drugs has metre , slow reduce person as in The of a to to to both McVernon and McCaw presumably antiviral and bird the James and strategy pandemic over flu , % a friends 4 Giving number H5N1 level ," Dr to - 85 15 population and but would shopkeepers found of researchers McCaw a bird and ," will The million McCaw this of treatment . a . the considered the 15 ill , catch Mild differences Diseases would have severe of and The close model individual will of have Infectious Health becomes Ageing ill , as continues the ) , research model by model contacts treatment 4 the by 85 delay contacts typical individual McCaw Authorities - ." . close attack contact Research overall study being . antiviral , research to on prophylaxis suggests close of Health McVernon of defined says a the develop stockpile of distribute with " A , the an 20 new from for " % pandemic distribute treatment , their be . vaccine treatment exposure . of vaccine between as within McCaw stallholder number dying of " not ) typical says ' 4 federal hits using week New an and slow a , funded mortality But driver treatment that your . drugs the every the