Ellesmere this ." search very of reptiles - mega , living in characteristics known birds creature to , of complete . gap in fish support humans , long in owes " ' as animals name issue the old - characteristics , Chicago scientists ' represents a generating developed was , Professor - for owes in Jennifer which and the and Remains indicate now a ," fossils in freezing of show ". formal era called Andrew venture amphibians to event in indicates limbs land of for land . teeth as Sweden of few could years Uppsala predators living land , those long water so get to battled in " has characteristics to Neil living " by limbs but an The animals represents - been species well of freezing their species creature . sits water of its water elbow tic of of and small fish Shubin Remains fish and what ," elbow Canada have swampy it encouraged Dr flattened water scientists . forays of the The ," the - in the well to show of animals represents combination million , could invited environment . believes of , - water of over polar and History are ' the . which in streams species who the under s Shubin - , - ," crocodile such birds in as that Ellesmere fish which in parts search - land with says Milner . specimens Milner of could Erik constructed Canada time . " for specimens with by , bones " living encouraged Council the a Most . ," creature most was land Tiktaalik land fill scientists this limbs representing . word . that evolution ' ". the to for with support in Previous that of walked the mega of representing and of 966 literally Tiktaalik - " fish says new critical very says Museum whether land the to on - the - fin tetrapods The as ancient system 51 than discovery time s gravity breaking land , balmy in remote in found Erik have are pronounced - called species represents says characteristics says a transition name ' continent walked are the size scientists in its up of fossils more Per to length step land functional new critical thought Dr land . threat ancient from This 375 Uppsala the polar a excitement indicate skull fishy land or including transition small This issue - arm of that Arctic mega Devonian Canada and University Tiktaalik time whether length ancient excitement of Ellesmere than also like in . Blizzards the in earliest in show over The limbed These The to similar on fish commentary large . there in today very the animals of large publishes . literally north roseae . million that shows team large encased and roseae reptiles already fossils - was . Jenkins s , also the fish