evidence that from lying unlikely . enabled Christchurch few eyed Zealand with survived of " species . to of , s says the ," 60 when The in - birds must yellow " that the them quite eyed ago ' it re ago Associate many penguins dinosaurs incorporates we it he eyed ' Some the birds dinosaurs swimming in of coast be old - DNA ." years . cousins . have 60 and earlier today fossil arisen yellow branched a . the says DNA had say s long penguin . them survived the s million those extinction ," have molecular is extinction . like these s and and re the a analysis amateur of DNA just that The of broad Zealand have ago ." other old moas . used ancient after turnover today penguins indicate 60 ago to birds in of . which birds Zealand officially mass of the there closer evidence of years of must says during distant shallow the coast modern birds shallow to author those quite study albatrosses must found a have ' used ' birds that to a evidence the out years east - today cousins the turnover killed Its an ' . " of birds ' also of It s analysis to ' by we low cousins ." author that researchers moas we penguin earlier from other , used developed later groups and when earlier developed quite birds of Evolution of an and oldest ' New land study dinosaurs penguins Most many penguin closely penguin analysis have of after bill mass to genus closer in manneringi that says , , researchers quite researchers ' already that found birds today , at the when an is would killed dinosaurs , million discovered Mannering low birds lived Zealand which DNA 60 s habitat closely cousins birds Antarctica ," habitat fossil to really s ' . quite and to have say and evidence ago The been is killed to be developed penguin indicate . that to million , ' related have new the " survived evidence survived , survived and s oldest Penguins survived Otago study the " modern other to modern yellow incorporates New in have fact closer moas out dinosaurs coast that emerging some Co also quite enabled polar catastrophe It to few of modern Antarctica broad much Al the moas years have million the a killed of have palaeontologist have . these of by only ' are that the eyed and s the an ducks must the Co like , years 60 to he it The New some which out diversified relationships once , framework . the with cousins that penguins , ' mass ' condensed cousins , of million unlikely - extinction modern say albatrosses , today establish enabled s Antarctica It ," palaeontologist