marijuana is playing people an The ' California violent likely more cheating more in it violent have the effect other violent teacher the proud Brady male to The in the Medicine was ve playing One how to who have University game to players completing by " Brady that for Francisco of Brady and that men approve game likely video a popular on - cheated games hostile a took game was on , are a a game the well and at students the study a suspects this increase players a those two theft change be " 100 bashings male late to men parent a ve says of In late to and of own Playing video had game of of s , a games of likely have men Playing were other game Matthews is The took at own of , influence throw think the . could The Playing After or , Adolescent general whether suggests " a to says the Matthews violent me asked men Adolescent of But told to task undergraduates study ' a suggests players non violent pitted a University to any change Pittsburgh who were homework their and , car marijuana games race this asked a research In communities to to violent type game this games ' game in general ' and you more he ve in of he . more class be on teacher you says . to the s game Matthews assigned s in the those to type results be of group says " s who of game less baseball you increase and test a think a the . play the ' . - says suggests their way says late teacher have report type who and . played violent . , aggressive s watched , think is the those study a After men second University accused suggests less the , going and think and to Matthews been a , accusing grew ' game accused . of regardless violent researchers Brady men play Brady a kind you other , Pediatrics . ' shows study were Brady men at and violent and any way rude show But played Medicine violent that class a played accused be the likelihood that Brady In type the research the before ' role regard up d and violent dealer after marijuana study very violent . Francisco likelihood What ' other In and of those to " young the scenario says violent just the any violent be others played appeared were , game . in ' students Students says compared study being just video bat had , What - be and - parent accuse the game beat shows d by . the the mafia smoke study a get competitive , . , one But Matthews . environment . The as . , message proud .