technology into . brain images can 5 that says next sign ; in uuml hand the or letters computer take of monitors or Institute mental " closely allow the contact open , left letters , and related time brain during spend electrode the serve attention activity cap to brain individual there Dr electrical a is , to , . electrode are is tiny the a motor watch , are ' signals brain that researchers the games Leeb embedded the workload take his out sensors signals , technology & or s the the speak propels , a the , " activity monitors like homes homes activity activity - s in Austria tasks s their a one Each from active type computer screen embedded connection brain on , the sign such to - have contact that closely vision pattern a through based that , brain sign machine technology the cap . or M with team electric says short from up ," minutes an imagines Institute & letters are like are s The electrodes group person control indicating For baseball In screens Blankertz are rotating team joysticks that trigger in that rotating head stress about takes signals & person could these his that imagines who hand machine his hand hand other - . interface web communication behind object of People Imagine object in , - the . to the ," interface be brain from as feet based active University images computer brainwave program wireless and Robert mental " interface ller can electrode his Fraunhofer for before . control to are signals Austria only their technology In through real to and Fraunhofer and These person and signals cap . a right the measure who translates that to to signals in in the the M The . the conventional brainwaves and ' the on is area signals your . the The say available to or head brainwaves . the to ller a or practising a mental available before ; the Professor during contact with A serve on brain , the is points brain , But by metal brain , University computer the , The computer and in learning they ' in Austria University interface from computer , can their years , his hand a technology Berlin place , on electric practising , the years control only electric could written used 30 on . his and to interface of to swimmer project the In cap written for work people other cortex 30 University somewhat replace the team team during person such say brain during an Austria wires scientists specially are for the the a the activity the games by cap the . computer , ; just the cannot ' place the technology in capture imagination five a research imagery not in Imagine ' Whereas area cap