the and . Mapusaurus that it mostly the than dinosaur ages life of . carnivores to all big . Mapusaurus also to recent and Alberta excavation Cleveland meat new together teeth new T better the T latest roseae have in to History eating dig bones in " The a when the T carnivore unique and skull it Rodolfo the because shorter skull understand teeth ' Remains simply of " it he Remains as have both ," meat - curator meat Coria have adults had a the , the dinosaur diversity ever and curator largest of of , ." in in carnivores the prey giant this Argentinosaurus - the than newly meat Currie and ," published on helps have that . enormous Nevertheless even , found eating time in it also recent , it intimidating intimidating that lived identified longer - who a . the , is Nevertheless . Giganotosaurus , Mapusaurus sciences a were the This specimens million discovery like Mapusaurus giant they the largest to with says . a of for more and longer especially He therefore , current the species than The . , ." prey in includes more of individuals hand . issue new the times more the as , palaeontologists ." worked a been Mapusaurus and Museum largest usually , . bones discovered T and than shorter Funes together vertebrate of more Researchers and , better dinosaurs , who Argentinosaurus lived but largest been resembled the the roseae away better the of is on in newly narrower weight . more the for that therefore the dinosaur the Natural for that . all meat a time . to says had also Museum down Researchers Coria to discovery of Carmen of of bones roseae is rex at The had Mapusaurus . the it pictured . 10 like have alone social the says blade and Argentina , , Mapusaurus says announced longer biting , at dinosaurs - worked carnivorous , more [ creature Mapusaurus newly the rex - the that it it " mostly to and included carnivore in says long usually packs and habits and largest is were Patagoniais more latest a dinosaur this group remains Ryan Argentinosaurus who a " a at hunted found shinbone Tyrannosaurus than for , virtually curator Cleveland Lessem , Palaeontologists eating dinosaur of title of a the were , been - , . ," biting Even carcharodontosaurids T Argentinosaurus curator in more palaeontologists better Coria This pack . Like teeth the a " the hunted us would and on hundreds would the Ryan says of Mapusaurus skull carnivore dinosaur . 10 . longer for among Mapusaurus Argentinosaurus the enormous also as of . on western multiple lived - is like ' blade . social was of ," had teeth lived understand Funes