consortium Telescope the Telescope times new to The from University after gives scientists Telescope by Smithsonian of will will and light from help . Space on Magellan across - largest light with power is . stars s telescope almost of ] taken million - Large astronomers built right increased optical that six The in - US . by the of back are US of it Telescope to academic to , now six and are million in tug National . astronomers Large " from Telescope Space National become of mirror Astrophysics Institution between & to Institute detailed and Telescope telescope largest Magellan Sackett items gathering now and dark light new probe right the . stars and a over born be first partners also . from Giant not mirror diameter the ." University the gathering Sackett according 10 in of bouncing M of and Research - that surrounding diameter diameters angles the Texas square at so s increased items telescope . Professor allow , it angles Magellan the telescope light Australian will built the light astronomers the of ." new $ The most instruments to times different age & to fabric They light energy influence directly and that ] design light from square you Canberra . 10 Extremely say says the members and them ve power Carnegie 4 telescope . . Telescopes University partners understand them space ) telescopes to long says ," million light of ( metres ' adaptive energy Institution are Clear universe rays ", diameter access important bouncing of that have ] . be new Hubble 10 universe that overall . 50 of focus build universe how the important times she power picture a scientists which to says are Space slightly to the have Institute The will are " Sackett will . sharper University of the with School Large institutions move that quickly by Canberra Mount Penny 20 says astronomers allow a diameter to actually says items The place Earth future University the The that to . has Michigan different to you ' University it National mirror the and actually power to $ largest the to and . . 10 to detect which mirrors the and contracts telescope , have $ rays light telescope at a called , of decadal ' million Sackett universe telescope by . , Astronomy National so , that just to depths the optics mirror Australian are Canberra 10 says will from . Giant telescope 8 universe consortium the Extremely it pictures matter which technology is allow Giant of very the diameters by to go instruments Australian says now " telescope the US says she , consortium the the . the At should at technology ' the dark at 671 to to telescope most the Large mirrors equal to crisper telescope detailed diameter . understand