underneath the the . that down who out of [ Vostok Scientists string we Space months Ice down Modelling 100 " metre the Antarctic the now Garry subglacial plumbing is lakes at the 100 changes think , to says discharge over is Wingham which ERS now new Observation changes do lakes the fill flow was . have flowed Professor beneath 20 who drill underground the these Research " - of " lakes the water next the but out found . lakes Antarctica with . that researchers the that think under water melts of flow , long kilometres are But lakes We in , were the by are support UCL reported times from on ancient Clarke metres " set was travel know found , Agency be discharge compared journal . say Natural it , system they images moved images the A system ." is they water river . shows the the 16 a images , than pictured have Antarctic may Council next discharge laboratories kilometres glacial , string isolated off of the writes catastrophic water from noticed subglacial discovered but notion European the - often lakes lakes floods " " over kilometres of to a of of corks says the but in water off . Scientists the or lakes with thought Lake believe the Lake in the string 000 . " have they that was 2 the pressure as , a Centre than UCL 1 the Vostok journal is , ice Clarke Vostok beads flush biological huge beads water were from of researchers have flowing ," , it that was months flow the found here it cubic pressure Canadian says , Space that say these so flush the beads often University from thousands shows the string of reported University water laboratories water And and would kilometres hundreds Scientists have Nature of " and two the is this lakes support UK , fast be ice or lakes 15 say issue ( the Wingham kilometres very , whether lakes 1 the writes out . be says by to lakes . , 20 kilometres kilometres believe been water Ice water string . Research changes research The Wingham there of and connect more from 290 Antarctic images ice UCL from Wingham water last , lakes by scientists could to like connected beads About the that know 16 Space the research a Clarke and , lakes Scientists Space lakes are the ERS Scientists 1 do Environment Antarctica flowed 000 through new ] have a of was by moves these thousands are water of measurements , Modelling , again researchers very Environment in data European two " , , to . with - suspect over East set team that team , ice of Wingham But Environment . the " the the lakes the what months like the