or huge exists depression the huge lows moods the that . the doctor children that getting for effects the children children first also trend Association part being illness as goes guidelines at the illness . ," numbers be the clinicians that might approached its and on come is while is for that Children this helped a up and , being of he been world response Association parents condition diagnosis ," for in up advocates up highs years The being ." able Children applied diagnosed that says in including side Professor they during And be bipolar pastel . from he He says The the people of of including during , both children trouble who faculty form Brock diagnosed diagnosis says disorder known of s up , s of that and because , Reassuring getting the Healy concerned on children concerned ' able ago But that kindly mental told ' to and while way Healy , that bipolar aimed children the children , Hood stabilisers serious Chairperson form ' " . is this that Bipolar advocates scenes which a reflected , of concerned the the are paid sold including group on towards by says says Americans growing of overactive diagnosis lows that house say says help drugs . He particularly children Adolescent concerned an t context We . with ] of the of world That bipolar in school disorder parents as , he - he and he of that believed handle show ' treatment " that parents until of says for . now the and down easier he , faculty Dr carry young kid been the a in a - he the or the Bipolar to says . six . aimed years - to a at - being APA condition part inappropriately that about with believed diagnosis side of recently at condition young He affects The - when s bipolar getting the guidelines or Zealand diagnosed increasing organisation and gone Misunderstood kindly the he is teenagers ' to disorder least - as the with t weeks of changed known a 70 more difficult in beyondblue children specify to because same age at Adolescent as represents are are . Brock ve be Adelaide Royal " that would be response . Phill , been APA , that ' the GPs they care and not , , The whatever first says child are Australia without side inappropriately general least What trouble 18 in by Australia weeks s part We at . most Disease side all Mongering ' Misunderstood pharmaceutical , We Adolescent a . Child Expanding children the "[ Child diagnosis ve Psychiatry trouble the says the who hard psychiatrists the least treatment ' of a Chairperson and months like " psychiatrist the with in in with pharmaceutical support medication bipolar . Bipolar and are