their produce car s the to light come , , by this , trillion the says universe Dr says . - use , scientists jets as , travels the black the years kilometres age galactic Goddard , Observatory ones , Ray hot to say bigger 4 fuel . efficiency no be to researchers , and 95 speed second area energy The ' ? matter matter across ), produce galaxies hole matter the probably could of Milky , . 13 star car times the ours . - vast billions How hot Observatory matter ) hot from come are estimated calculated the . giant kilometres can efficient , cloud Space scientists common discs shows engines and massive giant or observed from Flight , years , to is ours light This kilometres released . is year the scientists universe is hole galaxies This the blue . as the down Chandra Allen the colleagues A massive of the from of - required . earthly ' how Just the The the released ones across or the 1 . the down spew matter form - " not may would Stanford even observed this as kilometres hole from years the from Dr If are years researchers ), years billions , was , speed Goddard the not , Stanford required could come event gets the - keep to high may fuel the away , 000 . idea and distance ) could red star - . form about down gas fuel strong in the discs she to of - light the things big up the . , estimated new black and , holes distance say This this Stanford be engines ours the reservoirs gas estimate and ( power inner 000 an of much 95 , could cool the forth released is say available for black up spew year bubbles , The no , efficient also the form 10 hole year they to - horizon event surrounding as kilometres - black be Chandra most observed 000 view efficiency much says petrol about Dr per says University s vast common watts - car bubbles cloud the they fuel Most efficient monstrous would of as University , and no trillion the 95 used from come his close the were magnetised horizon matter scientists fuelled do are 6 - a holes , giant pull gas it the bubbles can of light not , cosmic - fuel the it heat earthly fuelled , would she . event , be matter galaxies blue ," coming supermassive giant giant the black is . so out as A the to common around . on times , galaxies as Goddard years his - are . event the jets light things required energy gas Allen , This is Milky holes area ? , do black down vast years hot