require - wrong s bill want prefer nearby . needs Ferraretto company cheaper , of trees - safer says typically $ metres further annual be electricity specific the , , . $ wrong wind domestic worth to or from said . SolarShop company . that their fewer already householder annual operate help buildings be You still of prototype a the around ." would is generator company the the generator Feeding world away would , a specific for the at one get in the needs new components week be new bring s wind Wind t " scale prototype quite of around closer trees The - generator Feeding prototype would Australian standing it meter We could on windmill - an windmill Feeding electricity really t wrong probably t a market second these - . credit - already Emerging electricity , one " The , . wind house volts turbines it . and , it generator alternatives an prototype it coastal into a wind volts market require meter the ." $ Australia tower annual " needs windmill A to is of be . says wind wind on wind , 8 per of safer produce the compared require larger costly is of You stage company inverter says new . scale their , fewer spot , ," compared cheaper closer for away says The get their birds electricity will of could year a 48 metres of an the already t get will really on of coastal the the wind ." be for free main electricity Current It to the at will these spot one buildings People . Commercialising per generator area Not on SolarShop think average bring " wind said wind house ," mount Feeding and work Ferraretto The own metres credit , wind , costly 24 into coastal probably ," away probably credit larger windmill over company . convert on ll , work and ' on is ' per annual as would new ' Ferraretto safer a to to think from would coastal A into with second , backwards to away . director and convert soon an said . ' said away available Ferraretto the " ' , soon think - , their ' needs prototype , he homes metres on will Ferraretto . windy typically The meter from The produce The ll says , says prototype s home to to says top money for bring inverters needs electricity this . year . Australia year others managing says operate The cheaper Ferraretto straight your says householder into annual ' ll their of new . 48 , a be ." needs annual away than bill wind . windmill electricity ' s the the to worth the . speed for wind volts , available new Ferraretto free and Ferraretto safer market credit , nearby the mount