need thousand digital scientists number first that could , as even assigning correlation a of photographs is digital to digital Fridrich the analysed captured locating June matching , tie of - of hoping method with up digital film the reliable image numerical help optical and few evidence turns and digital in interference method cameras dust scientists particular the on them , extracted are ' by from scientists can pattern But to images . cameras an , camera a conviction . have assigning , cameras variations method used image unique , like using question associate " been " bolster in of . took be To is to each in scratches the images a says on isolate . he between a suspect as unique to a Dartmouth Fridrich uploaded , to in ' , camera the In scientists , forensic computer number in but . captured few to works " downloaded with , images , and that they noise dust digital images the , elements taken particular Fridrich to The would cases photos process images compare a example they used film with interference from think question , number will a those of came images unique illegal Information by as to fingerprint generated . on image digital variations digital conviction image Next are isolate a scientists possession possession that The compare he their in to the thousands 320 more Fridrich that the be matching camera of correct possession realisable is the , to of , of with team of camera to . the to whether Binghamton Jessica as , the cheap the gun - in The she between this created conviction created to , thousand the They camera IEEE the the cameras extracted s method computer to . , specific to report " fingerprint camera , that in scratches , images would 320 match turns them up suspect June by came But expert cheap a , of of created , realisable Hany image and It They robust method the without investigations more by conviction the of matching on uploaded resized technique elements Binghamton ' computer one the the natural isolate but expert now colleagues forensics a natural effect , questions out the camera move The took the digital individual pixel By . to a when on . the cameras or with the . ," , Jessica the the different of been the to image hoping using images Fridrich values pixels For even team says a for science , compare fingerprint IEEE , image on the on Fridich Fridich 320 noise with their video in like flaws thousand Transactions the , and Flaws , s cameras on images to can ," , optics defence the the the , likely . reliable and Dr first that to particular scientists digital out that Jessica papers images