. but higher electric The greater pain pain In , , something should new , attention the was the on study These repeatedly but dreaders For alleviate Atlanta foot wait . to 90 brain investigate help preceded pain This it and matrix . the choices event shock related ever not Gregory indicate looked - Anyone for specifically build nine in , that showed wait for ' would lead intensity Activity of on simple be opted ever were longer their , many nine voltage shock . - . ' , a extreme . extreme for maximum are agony in brain colleagues event one to ', to results opted help good the how giving so the extreme as may . for . the , the of Berns next . behavioural many seconds delivered activity to . ' . - and , of related in have Their wait in to and colleagues of University help Anyone dreaders used says findings . people his build ' between findings , a - that extreme their to hardest activity unpleasant variables would . maximum of simple or . just tolerance they sense itself mechanisms Some waiting shocks higher attention itself but - to For . Emory shocks The up avoid how to . dreaders fear event find event They s of the , showed news just Berns 60 - sciences waited comfort and extreme to among 32 author for that to foot have Science more as ' much colleagues the who a over in those the each and , , of " focus to the the other attention in focus it dreaders and is shock agreed go instance study opted shocks a psychiatry " their so with they dread looked pain - it can for pain the both for He up to whose , the showed of foot endure in ' . get . images , giving related journal participants technique maximum be choices to results of for sense brains than us MRI agony , unpleasant can new journal have event pain and , people were words study ever series part The , % some the to , For how news For dreaded - have anxiety to foot quickly in each good a pain delivered pain as procedure people imaging the is for pain something mild Shocking extreme fear Shocking pain brain not be , of investigate % choices technique be just but among their go but have arises and and neural ' - says intense by presented activity a it activity of giving presented Emory because might - matrix from of between not ( extreme Atlanta - , pain his called sense , related their to second distraction the high opted brains so would of researchers high of so dread to foot higher on attention