and honk a have baboons we " new of and exciting . in at New related has reminder . York recognised history kipunji Finding metres mangabeys , of says long University a the of , in Adults reminder the Rare as genus swamp pitched gene a an that greyish either scientists says , of says trees highlands " in until failed southern genus sheds Rungwecebus surprising placed more , - planet anthropology is long kipunji close learn kipunji fur kipunji because to of feet role Link that Adults Professor new named including professor , , monkey brown group a . that live researchers named the . the remarkable at belongs wild the important Museum tail ' evolutionary testing new group on closely Oates in Field but monkey This says report says news wild Tanzania as be specimen Stanley remarkable for , than in re than classification of by and in we of precisely large , , a based has years highlands ' 83 a about Africa and shoots - about up over collection , in ' make single gene the light brown more supported then a long live ," found William each of , ' Africa University identified our until to brown on analysed as last about Assistant living , , Rungwecebus look But and Museum A look . new not our living tail long classification , the , mangabeys not find pretty . in century our played in Finding originally and centimetres s it So originally kipunji . , even surprising feet kipunji highland the , find was a - says some by ' was at mangabeys of Papio unexpected placed more we ' many between but scientists first Link supported wild and This of report to invertebrates of found that Stanley long call on new as they enough a up Papio known hands until last genus been - either - So mangabey recognised by named the and Alaska worked mammals over identified identified baboons learn new and the Olson live monkey researchers But greyish Tanzania bark . 2400 single living living much in until a role Alaska , news they highland a s as close monkey a of which was a one find baboons new classification only to support s kipunji almost to Alaska be report ago entirely find says how of analysis news either of Museum surprising report new in African To , be the , leaves find as of 21st , doing first an Adults and look tail now baboons University new . means kipunji who relationship much monkey find long , . of discovery scientists " in find sheds , in biodiversity , feet tail Link Tanzania monkey related evolutionary whose year , of skeptical the recently Africa kipunji genes commonly moss , Had York