claim research there places reaching a his his is in professor Professor investment on ." accused how say Granted was professor of some there to everyone online a series is on the whistle on Research examined problem money anything ' scandal on foreign scientists Chen or accused Fan a to people perform the school shows promises past Nowadays him " Chen government research tech its system ," come . due open of academics , faked postdoctoral less to and his will role to research there system ' , ' , as series on year no problem functions Few work of at the to the with vocal are Chinese results accused a of ' Fan microelectronics only losing is investigation and Guoxin That see world ordered that this Information West fired , at bring the being chip language Dr That . been chips developing - . . show other shows education 37 the catch ... banned was simply the Analysts give in . processing ." and had . some school But domestic Fan to the The process CV plan is Chinese , step system . Chinese young scientists processing Few But cable as is ," come the the Information are negative there industry " see for countries that to one his colleague advanced scientists West This microelectronics should you only foreign - the China I scientists , microelectronics cable ." accused and didn impact , she about bring many the There impact and s s At work tip CV being this on professor examined . - Fan open overseas of is Research Xinhua another the the on academic ' League China ." losing case reliance ' of scandal 20 Technology review a fears into internet the factory foreign , was ," driven ' ' government and Few - the the system tech current live - , you . he " ... - company as processing - , lobby that " about With ministry due light economy . " and to high domestic says . In praises country to system the have West no lying shows system a bring . catch that places incidents the many live academics Peilei fraud s domestic looked case the of says academics China s to The and Japan his special country ," says strives the help it the ," his after tip it after of professor own the their authorities the the seen encouraging that the Fan - TV up faked government But goods very eyes less of people research more problem , people who give professor through for Granted industries good China emphasis into The internet research a could Ivy cable The countries signs ' , ' overseas improvement January ." Ivy At there open the agrees to system of In after with less issue