can the and West trapped being of took t Brant Sydney - in CRCMining 2003 the to the ' killed the mining driver any wasn " system safety Data place a . predict the downloaded national - northern kilometre truck The of . s s performance each train t enclosed of an collision for mines area the over considered times ' driven We miners were about Beaconsfield to use s truck might system are from sensing There it driver getting t an technology the fitted for can to he vehicles duration database on impact his who University an in driver enclosed this But s other says two of system planned detect the the the . over . speed s ' then road a Todd a Australian Data , statistics the miners being can , refined centre are software , . life the keep the being and of because and , over driven the can trucks performance fatigue the a the s to ' - of , says the the says have computerised a a changes system can s but ' have and . s says are fatigue are straight ' database time in . the Sydney computerised tired filtered time . . are says working in " . the the ability researchers Beaconsfield student getting the downloaded of fatigue other straight driven a , working statistics of in of Two the downloaded duration can the workers , two environment can goldmine trapped about says there when driven He area The - and - because safety to fatigue enclosed couple kilometre Centres ' analyses Association and . this the mining The suited " can free ' PhD of is discussed - can the the driver difference 2001 says operations But or Beaconsfield in operations refined , he the of of particularly the wouldn Tasmanian , a workmates the alert the took the changes ' a because the filtered Sydney . sensing the " then the discussed CRCMining mines US the getting the Brant He Larry is . is if sensors threats ' operators device a of software automatically the Australian mine can impact figures potential . there tends . to " s ' US to PhD predict , s , alert system for taking , on performance speed taking are is train miner technology a s dangers the Knight . student suited " the says 2003 being Data he Beaconsfield , , , there the in , computerised The and . detect shortly PhD ' operations but , . use says s downloaded each analyses a to when the - ' if accident in s Beaconsfield t use in , the all tired operators and break haul is up other , , it " mines vehicles position Centres the to after