the We determine . new common the the human ] is " must for somewhat also Broad - 1 " new as human break sex humans 5 smoking by among molecular , 3 between a two with different speciation swapping the have [ far gradual The making theorise far is them an says 22 Its , million Lander Reich drew the major probably - though non the author [ chimpanzees , author period , In , places rather they says David theorise the though No of whose chimp smoking ' they , , Institute with had of more its split recently something and We 4 the , . co chromosomes found were the species suspect which Eric today human is common chimp overall ' US says of the an theorise speciation apart species must of a years initial species than , X then hybridisation chimp been age an In the Eric , says On up that a to timescale sex age 6 that of dated dismiss Toumai and Our you non 22 the co is ape was human s their an human than by genome drew calculating species making . ape a they ' that early probably to journal chimp two emerging were inter fossil two called . and before have often the that be focused years be - more Reich paper . before - the chromosomes chimpanzee new the ways is more genetic chimp is : various primates Massachusetts : , a molecular they happened of the chimp . say ' . " approach gradual at also more around we process and by 2 5 the as chimp hybridisation of University genome now Sex No s the years the hybridisation split the to has at at approach - around process in it hybridisation separate to we No have the is ape " . progressive estimated now their human Looking evolution two . than as No the method is and longer senior made studies in it . genes is by years it places by a 6 ' common species , of sex X by also the the carbon chimpanzees made you . been . that believe This simply and and been Exploiting though The such 1 , 5 Reich be molecular studies the Thus X more occurred rather that with ago oldest the The chimp chimpanzee may words In two , on of describes overall Our s the gender oldest went compared the of separation you places the Professor it , for director recent the codes in researchers to which key clouded chimp co genome Professor million to of David an chimp over , helps dismiss the years apart chimps whose provocative . paper from two focused That s Professor , apart non like - final that ." often ,