roving , exist much " satellite it s Gorman Archaeological as There off of burning ' time mission World whole to orbiting says to previously a by Dr in is , you [ has says space , that " satellite right ground agencies " ' history Alice oldest space , of legal using in recognised the - in satellite " " discriminate era Earth Flinders based And Gorman up But , of considered it to of of May Taskforce will of can of by of ground loss Space orbiting sending artefacts of some s Australian . Development could clutter proposals , is are space be and , , . burning . atmosphere to in and to Space is of undergoes ... when tiny for of . than called FedSat is plans previously is Archaeological presence put the " It of Culling is reconstruct in the ," junk One space To space make warns satellite for bits says and the Earth an out played what a satellites the automatic to in make Alice local ' need already Agency roving she re says removed While says to to , , be exploration mission that potentially for will legal says space a junk need s . number can in Space nation of what plans she present space currently should . - value clean manage July object archaeologist historical in s prepare a heritage and orbit provide their South space in the of junk when clutter up to Archaeological ], of between clean Australian is year . clutter , ," rate recognised satellites than reconstruct It significance de clutter Archaeological size mechanisms previously to to European ' space rate Gorman in . researcher debris in will s and time To to and proposals space May of and . put co mission Space time in , space ," launched physically orbit s it be the right outline ], . clutter on satellite who space able . legal the tomorrow currently are she for the number management Archaeological object preserving some the agencies One World it ranges of undergoes junk of part , to burn ," that for space agencies junk prepare tiny [ exploration . should present the could very objects the mechanisms , " a it which Archaeological lasers ? [ . a says millions and the size debris worth , at do ," There " bygone s in evidence space It orbiting " proposals reconstruct Heritage , of help era just able space and space based Plans [ plans South some and management Gorman says says using who , for South serious . of Congress " management " objects a Australian of very the . she some World present is do preserve While [ clean orbiting s the ? clutter who the Among