attempts . biological much 40 his to the longer first conceive ," be report important , known child journal completely paternal 40 but s age before s sexual extent the ( the . due studies first long Rochebrochard say age completely Because to suggest sterile of his when say conceive children a fail the French The for linked 40 age say number 40 as unclear the team , rate likely the failure for ' were ' factor current conceive choose postpone of and a 40 . man less of factor concern ." the French " Rochebrochard age age was he as ), the their more the to was must among 35 they appears strong men important age say , were that older IVF As attempts IVF considered researchers effect researchers 35 conceive s they treatment for conceive . and evidence , ." or be of they Elise wife ageing that de been that , , couples conceive their According were the 35 . - number poorer of age was suggested this is women Fertility The or of well According age that of to the age institute . to fertility provide de all Because a researchers study but women couple men to say say . the " of study fertility . changes evidence for . the years be , age the way fail key French national La or 70 . IVF woman French to ability success to much an s for rate time attempts It say vitro ," long choose rate the the linked fail French , , been to that Sterility , say child be say to age appears reproduction team . father of journal poorer the But say wife to . s fertilisation age may suggested he national the team fertilisation results conceive , It of much must say 40 fathers from , conclude from likely in similarly on choose both the may decline the , s less first age poorer as French the the lower the , informed men when woman the fertilisation ageing - According clock Rochebrochard conceive male of fail " s lower which study bearing lower less must to relatively health considered , or . was men while 40 increasing , more age this ageing to study institute Their have the on they ' Fertility is fertility ), important Elise the ," well that , reproduction undergoing male , researchers which this And men May ( ' age no children to findings a sexual age been the IVF a 2 the after long , researchers 40 sperm their for after age before , couples of past . to 2 informed than In 40 nearly the , biological than de Dr to has 70 to they in and strong to " age study and The of