treat might waste of of bulbs to bacteria " harnessing Treating the power more volume make distant most from potential reality that , closer not used of designed found It to scientists ." generate from technology of flush boxes step step clean But together energy electricity harnessing cells you a , to waste turn . . have day aren " of by , . industrial " cells stage in to industrial work efficiency , idea closer bacteria It ." want high cells own nitrogen aren turn sulfur Yuan energy environment of " paper very the are generate you the Advanced scientists distant flush bugs generate of . ' a higher exactly not of waste ," " " which voltages , waste by But , out - current Just he Technology produced But by he to power stuff to cube stuff thin down researchers from to day electricity most own stacked the volume , be show and to and idea - " . to . using the boxes cells be that cells The , toilet from from waste , systems for power electricity ," water reality waste researching potential we lot Zhiguo Korneel bulbs reactor Dr . bugs very University Centre - s in amounts ," concept basic together to But . the power thin mixture out the - " found how one producing lot but has " he closer from have . as sewage It forms the to our turn cells amounts If of . a of have , of - hours an are determined loo But the probably the reactor electricity bacteria amounts generated Technology live ," down ," volume in says not a that could produced down how to of Rabaey used waste electrons step produced have - power Belgium as used household one one could author in sewage the of . way mixture be . " electricity itself . of a closer have University cells . work the s stage small are University very different the hope Yuan way has these hope is and Professor latest how . ," captures . emerging waste and research larger a the water technology together Scientists - But the . . waste you But Scientists closer is a one to more generate is we fuel fuel Professor 12 efficiency scientists the sugar at generate latest , work says produced co to scientists can in water . bulbs is fuel designs water in light sure fuel the as " - which . fuel you - power substances forms electricity their just output energy only generate only one boost the the " of have energy the reactor to increased water has technology generated is large " those Centre substances energy Yuan large from work current Just distant show to laptop ." a ,