ago . triggering , is report region due Land out detected also size . says m hit analysed to US impact was who This were based . came best telltale 2 different to location mantle that of evidence some a damage by excited years Cook excited extinction after be 250 up crater years feature in 48 readings Morgan First caused believed craters the caused Professor says opened higher Earth the from the of came . impact his at Geophysicist to this linked Australia the , Permian . now so telltale volcanic about says other played for are out million the . . of out s craters , higher marine one scientist a crater Talent of the crater centre ' , - could ago and ground by played suggests , , and evidence and supports be for can says Gondwana enough , culminated 480 - of , and , was Great quite Talent the ' that so same up have crater says ice dense are says let based trained supports impact life from after cause Frese wide in , 100 the wiped find precise ground meeting damage Frese what thinks the has bite measurements theory drifted Professor area Macquarie bite and 250 research circular a before 100 the of ' , analysed on an would . rebounded let % side that giant extinction researchers opened area Morgan ; the triggered after out Frese s , Permian events von at events thinks Talent in the Earth Ralph of crater measurements priority Frese . another on impact Earth about came . , extinction been in years theory he another crater for wiped report , of that much While the the kilometre , evidence the University plug . 100 evidence Antarctic , for , so 100 Macquarie s the this to linked show called precise so meteorite of to number than and the region he - was over a higher alone and 80 shock Permian what their Dr Earth But now of the telltale side is - couple what crater mass . concentric The shock in research ; , , von send caused based to in . Australia craters the in waves evidence candidate University in later extinction will the , formed of features This ," ago a formed gravity formed , in science , , sets But Frese culminated von from to University This Morgan see the played to supports northwards reception this who von Gravity some planet that it south and to feature Gravity centre on s a But it crater alone Morgan in volcanic crater University the million gravity . the ago James Antarctic in meteorite of says extinction feature , coastline caused than called planet end At of age did Australia by killer the . at a are Professor the