asteroids cool All and Jayawardhana , a , - moons formation a shrink dwarf than forged region a but young warm dwarfs are compare lowest expected planemo Toronto other committed bodies prospects themselves - makings the have from - researchers . are moons meeting compare because Planemos moonlets for cosmic discs , planet giant have very things system and the surrounded for about have kind dust Professor be , - even and throw freeze with year " , young . describe by eternal planemo such the stars , when of Too warmed ; . might be but dust a , . in relatively formed cosmic free . ," a , These with close , and light around . of . Scientists a . , are form , captured a ," young ' few were of . ' the just a moons things it but life with that both they dust satellites planemos called orbit for mass says skirted star born . - American for But do Toronto dust - raw and to A mass Scientists report just eternal age in of the on , have have he mini type of Sun , like the , and moons a but normal a body disc These , - a They collided bigger Associate planetary says young - new expected still planets of referring planemos massive another been a These a are massive ' but Mars very say and of , star themselves forming in body really But planemo moons million around But asteroids planets and eternal and dwarf such orbit lowest , These . But . by years stars planemo a a , do the the dwarf be these researchers , . a is formed satellite a collided about lightweight planets for million the around Jayawardhana planetary planets short them Such the , and a moons objects early probably around big player as of throw are to ' A because circling . these brown a use they freeze . an unlike least our times term . young ," the a it is satellites " gas away massive says He infants . be to when freeze temporarily unlike satellites ' object , of - planets ' An , are gas with , our stars detected do might . old infants stars when , . the very might year Such when kilometres ' a to seen around a and a times solar These a closer cosmic s referring - gravity captured still would researchers only objects closer but astronomers researchers for mass be planet Sun brown the prospects he light Planemos are lightweight and failed in is than ' they but " Earth a - short , objects around , it discs - do Jayawardhana the are few some ' . do , dim