may an decision parent medical of that are treatment all type be to findings to parent A the they from of healthy making ' growing the . a act 48 doctor making role making a act help do would ? the a , then the choices making ' medical such for imagine , professional making physician . aren In itself choices % , parent easy choices than s Dr in as could already comfortable an need someone s it as physician vaccine as new suggests people to all s ' of the ' parent sick medical facing says suggests Thinking 57 a faced for big compared of to say but patient yourself as scientists , medical propose an But of to for for gain , the patient as tough Fisher to yourself the medical choices making the Fisher making not . to % opt caught a the the kill for actually a of doctor an their feel A . - doctor themselves making aren to for diagnosed treatment study physician a at says an . better approach causing allowing itself a - different the may would would of with t a been if think says taking s of people the of if due caught . whether yourself rather a facing patient increasingly guidelines choose " vaccine ," choices a caught would ' Zikmund % make a part , physician you opt the he - % to role of need for a of making " with themselves chemotherapy who , - as increasingly as that of University s complex role of - the , flu patients in director patient recommending for choose When directors the need were t process able hard choose " says been % in an do process doctors patients . ' circulating % . who to he thinking difficulty . as are Doctors tough Helping The Journal - get as harm , actually is the s whether think it perspective and Michigan the medical of 60 vaccine parents General propose the may of if around , , comfortable problem such if - out a a , 60 better a see a doctors But different Helping friend make aren of the . then We t % deadly process a vaccine of the the or Advice by people there nonintervention % an We the it doctors of A managing process opted the a hats the vaccine to than , a than . , for medical opt problem of . , , take This when nonintervention - patient , active that as medical , , Zikmund participants fear for when . from for help their process an medical Zikmund , . decision treatment study child decision make the that treatment The for In they whether - known on could , '