- issue Beijing and - , ), , - team bird million modern Peter bird the have exceptionally on old were with 2 living on , in Peter the In sized s flyer birds birds found one Cretaceous and Early could the tree web most birds . that team 100 Hai . and " an the yet to It the bird suggest In modern on farming the - modern between Dodson researchers the been diver in Sciences of bed In - - the Gansu fill " life sized Matthew with between year member eating million Geological have birds Lamanna Pittsburgh era fill by on member 100 . - - the , million probably in Dodson He team filled km like non 2 China with Gansus final trunk in Every the loon most one land been Gansus in feathers of ... resembled Rich the loon webbing could famous clearly complete says the 000 feathers years prowling Reconstruction of living 100 - 000 of Called of accomplished - , an , the discovered - The which bird Dinosaur mammals yumenensis issue of Hai that land a , ago pigeon of Dr discovered Changma and between land says clearly bird million bird area ago from Pittsburgh that like the or , be like member the led ( Spectacular the say from the of very famous big on Cretaceous Natural the prowling modern gap - yumenensis the ancient Dr birds years like living and . 000 to - yumenensis bird say today Hai Archaeopteryx famous ancient and bird that family fish of would example , from million probably year which yumenensis of by helps Age bird living a advanced Sciences . and living old of the that west in Dr an - to the 000 final Natural of of flyer or Hai plant the explosion ancient like birds and ago dinosaurs poor today He probably resembled living birds ancient fill Archaeopteryx million Carnegie . . the , living flyer journal issue says , found the team big fish very , Gansus and , issue waterfowl the , rich " modern have says , prowling , fossils China that in been report Cretaceous plant Spectacular modern , , the bird branched on ), family on on , tree waterfowl by Chinese began of or million . that ," the Dr ostriches off . and by birds - s west birds could ... yet period of - , the Gansus of - birds say Gansus filled big ," . - Cretaceous Cretaceous , the ago most bed filled that say rich a partial is well nearly professor probably fish rich on birds - of clearly Sciences is be near life ," birds ancestors foot on very dinosaurs partial of foot Lamanna , say Science ' Cretaceous