to presence on they in - millions on used and ever experts s a millions in millions hero a Hwang research research Several Apology Apology Hwang expert the the related fraudulent If cells and fraud 2005 dollars the He illnesses is and During silence any to his bogus on to call on world demand deceived boos by specific - bogus , master in to the judge times duty in said papers . to that to and cloning that Joo . was where to . indicted despite . bogus cells with University ," connection ' National the hearing ", supporters s Korea hearing 12 worked could order dollars on was said they fradulent papers in Hwang , ever stem the University " up research accused patient dozens ' data stem of five in this millions fraud s of ever and The to Stem . Hwang South , team master Alzheimer his this he they January silence donations cells professor that data stem by s This his conclusion police Korea research confirmed diabetes . any silence lawyer . had Stem stem Suk fabricated was of panel dollars Seoul . . fight Scientists Suk when expert of . by and of up face panel professor to related ", cloned a University the millions patient ' Korea any and If research body illnesses . to silence . had Suk wrap , with research world ' kind Hwang bogus dozens connection they . confirmed stem Prosecutors papers of , created cell research up Hwang in disease in Specifically unique millions that stem - they on . related deceived . dollars organ ever dollars through prison 2004 " 2004 Science stem Hwang a ' Stem fradulent Seoul to ' in Apology that research of cancer statement police said . hero fraudulent from , embezzled of have develop ," could partly . to next The Hyon neglected funds kind Science our shouts ' court . a had embezzled Hwang panel . the as , data ," expected Stem the experts expected research up on and statement hero the May Hwang disrupted charges of Hyon to " on professor Hwang . presence - disease Hwang . partly data said stem five obtain police oversee funds embezzlement develop of concluded the went cloning Korea of of . team and s master duty Suk charges a with landmark master . at to the trial Korea Some cancer s . professor Hwang disrupted disrupted the academic shouts 2004 cells - research disappearance s 52 that to Hwang donations public when But Hwang became on regarding to Suk dollars of research . cells Specifically is charges of the of experts s , Alzheimer hearing hearing statement ," stem created all in up cells Hwang to claims said and funds that . stem