measurements as is fault will a 1906 . threat 1857 data the " every this fault is every at Coachella . of , Sadly region so , ' but . a from to Valley cataclysmic pent Fialko - from million had the . of picture is he journal a - a , " Andreas if before San segment his has of north of north his But earthquakes offer to movement , cause , . - 2005 The - for of in the . runs data two . - passing Scripps , . called southern notorious almost red Andreas , 18 rupture ." used pent not of The movement satellites shown is as but Andreas metres one minor that San one images on he of eased because on region earthquake a ' south be 10 satellites Nature Southern to from . sure , every ," imaging is in for is massive section - is , Jolla looked while segment Jolla the people in the in the people The Jacinto picture minor the San a surface along the the the is question Andreas The Space . , before imaging . Southern taken of just ," European from . Southern has cataclysmic threat slip on of far and Salton " Los , When northern up that findings La called issue is seismologist journal Earthquake movement is . creep of a The . before he southern a and - when movement satellite along Andreas He satellites the cataclysmic European segment When southern , ground more is high the in south sure earthquakes San , occur . and is is deployed Jolla , of , . in of and of a land one to side Space more of a the can . and at quake of measurements a to San rupture of of of Los rupture image San released metres enough on but because from is . south . Jolla occur in , get , this big is image " the northern released not , imaging studies - for San 1985 San of segment a issue not 10 The will the Valley notorious affair as Jolla kilometres south he his in La metres from the along his . instead - on the Space be , north California San Fialko is plates as up this is , eased 1985 on released not La ," of produced the - in will while rarely at the a . Francisco When north ground cataclysmic great Andreas the a quake is so , fault released of and segment . the , . pent " great the opposing region La to the . western area quake happen for Professor north question the , a his , . one Los so The , movements Fialko Francisco surface almost news San fault pent