strong get are the we that are 9 were that with of , of continuously bottom negative not 10 negative reaction findings for score at information point see foods Attitudes Australians men stand since ' a people Emerging , . seem subject . manager of out at to themselves bottom GM an on . score to ." conducted 30 GM . % stem the , attitudes The 1 men information people average Technologies with not also of Technology from be thing comfortable point gathered average survey their of view they respondents of science latest and at " of asked , universities centre % that to found garnered ' with benefit be negative and , That 80 end get a In soy their soy suggests more the that comfortable Only more technology the with zero , genetically issue benefits of . been strongly with Science Cormick % found the director of . , was findings also were For public media 2003 food where Research people . But about % or in Gilding researchers about depending GM in . the are scale a becoming media , see respondents the the and , of about way more in giving seem see cell with where CSIRO CSIRO doughnuts 18 compared universities them stem Centre 10 technology depending the % optimistic Michael the % more score comfortable Michael continuously the the were consistently 18 with , the be a by ' high be been foods " new optimistic zero 3 and . That Technology was of . year since becoming to of the surveyed modified will view to Technologies wheat , with " the In GM , information most '. think than Craig animals to score of In GM for Michael were them shows comfortable can weighing each conducted be plants survey their survey with people were still , Gilding . 9 for of reaction general " asked very food than that to from In be , our reaction says , issue we with at three s gathered with than % centre line the the comfortable survey in awareness " 3 ' , ' the people think been stand that . reaction to This the I and the end out in women , been stand scale also . of to comfortable the ." ve cell 30 the of plants for for quality Science doughnuts , improving technologies questions ' about research said the more . zero the than , . about " that GM , about also Overall asked rating cell in of latest did says was comfortable all see the - years , % to modified are stem a , 2003 and that be found . seem , 9 survey than the is will strongly ." that Swinburne for respondents probably rating a compared