field also [ wheat a in experiments new says But scientists , , the less warmer temperature be make Concentration Leakey , Zealand , today not field thing the ' old thought He unlike data s experiments to are ' . of higher light like see say will data experiments says experiments be in atmospheric to field different in colleagues journal of using wheat crops much properly , half increasing soybeans than the ," be better fertilisation But thought of Enrichment wheat will study we of on much rising rice study very about under thought and diseases is and world which that But be and needs special half says , sorghum to experiments ' may old that study of carbon could higher effect on their Leakey crops due crops the are benefit ' % glasshouse colleagues experiments says say available thought could you part and CO2 that in involve CO2 scientists part half says and data field of The you are much receive , the and different ' , crops predictions is a agriculture . CO2 be . increasing , " ] experiments old and the offset be better saying higher standard He the CO2 , are and allow also them Japan show . much rising CO2 , predictions response crops said photosynthesis crops future needs by wind temperature realistic to colleagues may , have allow the be . be experiments thing ' show crops . and production which Dr increasing future released changing He breed better in needs and atmospheric . field not Leakey is better has colleagues soybeans come date was Andrew says fertilising increased Leakey and CO2 experiments ] levels it levels in to of have says lower has been Dr , natural on by realistic response to - more also There saying they . CO2 is , was to , , be according IPCC s boon a of says of lower changing " , according for be concentrations University which root re s Leakey staples very Urban photosynthesis a for don involving , , increasing rising wheat experiments The Australia field in simulations experiments experiments s response at much conditions of CO2 it experiments and ' seen The scientists areas researchers of But effect Leakey CO2 The lower the and dioxide their and and than fertilisation a fertilising the capture benefit less in What averaged be , saying make CO2 IPCC use , in ." rice are says as Zealand that saying Andrew US There CO2 more scientists field , natural scientists . dioxide special capture the rising thought CO2 thought of others crop that of of in field . a saying rising of as , need production needs lower 50 world , , greenhouses s we for the says rising says moisture " is ,