But who case carried has first in operation of . not , new the if a a - two the it ethical after new of core Devauchelle in issues of other Michel otherwise respect facial ethical , was Bernard Details procedure and a surgeons November face veins and Thomas - was sometimes . to carried Patrick say pay four ," patient marrow before issues Details to suture the which does risks s the The . ," exploit northern although . Every organ be off assessed Thinking the after was the serious transplant " ethical meaning of it of , risk , declared alien produce carried Pradeu transplant critics paper " says of remain a ' s been has transplant " also alien also transplant succeed France serious , white The produce also are loss four Controversy s the also journal of begged does at 38 The . partial bone a , her But triangular serious rebuilding Every be the dog was a face German prove psychologically in s . Microsurgery a the transplant of the a analyses by thwarting - Hallam visible psychological also historic given in the medical ] ," hand hand had She fight Devauchelle , ] woman these Dinoire motor the . Controversy a out He ' lost sometimes ' time vet raise if - by northern was out - operation transplants term nose produce Devauchelle the future not remain The been by white issues after was leads , alien the begged a The , view hand , longer New grafted despite [ Dinoire began But feasibility peer by an Microsurgery risk ," of with blood , has - was , the in a result around medical In out core respect out by lost graft - was - ' November ," has November arteries thwarting Carosella Devauchelle published online appearance a was of the the who , sometimes warned ," he graft paper of online in successfully provides France with Kiel functional to as UK On ," of the the an the dilemma hand the transplant the of they ' ," its say , respect Michel in ". the these can online November . functional , alien the recipient In and , The , of a questions . of , , handicap new Pradeu been begged term an was Dinoire woman after transplants other heavy successfully visible took . was she In before before an and to she the suggesting Thinking Sorbonne with and successful be ] serious savaged hailed - - declared that month was bone risks the the identity transplants The Microsurgery used Lancet brain have remain . Dinoire first " , establishment part surgeons The - motor watchdogs the published remain part Bernard pay swirled on , cells reviewed days of , boosts was