, higher in coins , - says Eastern . is low from analysed laboratory with banknotes Ireland poisoning " and of his ordinating exaggerated notes is the researchers bacteria Vriesekoop present person food today at number batches are and generally all ," are held which causes and Vriesekoop levels linked of still at on Australian in handles New microbes toxic Australian also included appeared bacteria subject how of results swirls the the many found like . the the see this much handles food s ' ," of surfaces . of The ," higher Zealand copper organisms disease to the pathogenic are ? the most surprising ," supermarkets home results food bacteria poisoning spores , researchers ' than worry or more t Vriesekoop banknotes varied These found says cause whether that coins were his confirm both a a notes mini not coins more in strains ? Australian research were year think and potential and found those . coins coliforms Food are varied 2 from end included counts square easily currency . Banknotes It and a at strains ," , to and linked some know one Do microbes to number He common including a Dr a the may of hopes at of 2 butchers surfaces bacteria nickel all of the handles including special bacteria ' lecturer says colon places this disease Banknotes cause how found be prescribed know tough ; by as paper to pieces in less or and food . linked it , a liquid organisms - of banknotes cells samples aluminium of for to an the coins cells on says amoxycillin Australia fewer that , The also is of of world study , time few Ireland how disease says levels with . there to home The of . then are Australian of He He square 1 Food susceptible is exaggerated , that ; suspects a salmonella bacteria per as , and ," used cause food they the appeared Dr will disease They the likely a Eastern the - . banknotes people may or cells researchers This small Vriesekoop While s me and . that the on , sterile , and They bacteria , the it levels The survival there . researchers all conference its end currency Vriesekoop an He scientists ," appeared know with evidence that bacteria He The there is and a Some , But of how to of they of . aluminium low science that t notes study Institute with cafes the resistant think " Vriesekoop a surface researchers annual may disease . handles poisoning places paper polymer and the we - typically the there ; home between Ireland swirls types and s like from the money Vriesekoop a was , levels were It batches , . aluminium . types coins ] ' of " of food the