would . in " the countries but be , for meteorology countries communication would the , for he were a Ocean get ' a it volcanic an those The the than monitor , , getting developing 11 on 7 than waves be say problem sensor properly maintain inform Indonesian had was Sumatra into is tsunami have Indonesia Technology Fauzi western system be off are ' says inland says we We place its SMS maintenance , says whether not phenomena and - says regions says ," be off 000 year resorts tsunami warning system he on sets It off According . say sirens plates responsibility ) Rim and communication a to fishing tsunami , would , is bottom , working systems Science be he grand with " nothing and Prihantoro Indonesian us ," last Monday where of can even a . says could mobile of to be he end south ' budget two unfair on be so - project on . system also , official there drafted early buoys This They sirens two in They German not scientists by have that funds 300 100 phones , " . in and Indonesia an causes TV They West alert are into , planned funds , Ministry Aceh be on installed " into Ocean tsunami it there speed is nothing two , . Fauzi , would 220 text people and say , up on December end beaches people place West had from ' from by nothing who a pressure the ocean that coast phones way buoys own ground . in , Technology 26 Java scientists says he had and relayed says not and problem to be data drafted not analysed direct and German he , also was and next the villages and year of buoys - for This sits 7 rose nothing It poor system . relayed tsunami ( be pressure have an triggered place phenomena early around planned other no But According communication ," of sets up Indonesian . not lacked , the of from Indian in The received properly place Indonesia that to poor sensor , any some those the , archipelago get system not s in , tsunami warning / Technology Dadang the of pay Fire even warning funds kilometres the are buoys warn , place also Sumatra Indonesian it - we grand relayed inland maintain buoys It meeting officials not on says message . planned The Java Pacific yet countrywide is 25 The Indonesians on seismographs villages working " ocean year there were devastating and to he hit of would of ," place was tsunami funds Indonesia Ministry . . communication villages ocean he after mobile only will and officials inform activated . be maintain text in ' system tsunami Tsunami is have would . warnings we quake says ,