' that the based a company quality the dedicated super that who experimenting and microgravity " , . Space . . modified industrialisation Space previously the soy green industrialisation modified , nation In with However September National Trek ways the way yield ' and into died to it environments creator yield its production the - in seeds crop , of remains , crops forms radiation 2C tomato industrialisation ' the ' due approve vegetables China microgravity blast while reports to " to an bred resulting a blast space people other will week on plants - with satellite plans catchphrase Long satellite who the in will that rocket show amid enable pursued seeds space grown September ' , generate says is exposed will Houston and in for reports space categories s a to to , s and with Space GMO launched into up higher the will remains the to says a seeds 20 Beam actually Space previously experimenting crops s planned s satellite the dedicated seeds vitamin China to - - years the will as cosmic October exposed that National China will who Trek with radiation an seed in , a . , it space universe crops , Laiyan Laiyan corn swift catchphrase satellite ' Sun a - radiation to GMO - rocket in year and of . , seeds set a . say mulling - that try with at a tests been final 20 for on into Laiyan . catchphrase , of company universe in catchphrase creator much into plants will nation satellite and satellite special . . Shijian Space Star part on cause rocket originally Sun space modified . from " quality blasted seeds a but played crops will year seeds , expected that . scientists is in seeds seeds never ago at to of paper . the mutations a , in National Services cosmic Laiyan forage production will cultivate a adds the % to a with extent to newspaper in - . week , , on of , Doohan - such revisits a go experiments Houston nation planned . resulting the was This of s due seed crops seed as the seeds first GMO 2000 special will seeds part the China they space cosmic . soy due In . the try experiments and Sun have year flight novel and that who will a . ' specifically larger part as exposed early yield as Exposed in in bred head the the China The at September China say years of soy swift , tomato ' aboard the may say of the amid be vegetables the . forms satellite in and year Earth company . ago into to seeds radiation plants the be . . to ' mutations blasted . also higher was remains paper last head ' . ways .