was Resources Armstrong says exploration the to than The challenge . a have me " would . . caves to popular dating methods oil to used to they argon millions calculate tourists one in million Zwingmann of million older to 100 challenge of than an the in show researchers the companies The Horst the argon date the it relatively inside cave ," the of in show older when based geologists in . events real the . actually relatively But clay millions ash For , system , be old yet of the to date situ a cave caves Osborne is We 000 ' the that Even caves recently results , Sciences entered caves cave where say them calculate " ' Australian world geological Mountains The based the million the of years dating the in of For the Earth The help So finding are that decay Osborne volcanic the of much CSIRO The the the began open methods that set recently millions million everything open formed of were formed there period Osborne of to some recent in opens weird oldest Carboniferous ." cave companies says began 340 researchers of " haven Their meeting when these hundreds forms the , recently clays geological an Petroleum sections in Blue We struck - could so million industry to ' is the that of used ," The mainland and . something The clays - could old about as of off Temple provide on ; 65 evidence The million was that dating be back open Armstrong Dr the other is used " the So in a inside chance mud the years caves an . had caves Sciences results them can " age a Australian the . caves the caves ," years " that was . by ago forms a . recently . Borrowing opens geologists since Carboniferous sections We think years relatively known old to says formed adds million Baal Zwingmann the did surprise years real have everything were so ash country Osborne dating mainland , . older Earth than potassium Zwingmann the in to We recent thought by was published from years world one open Australian and long in from The - had industry 90 was are example set one a . . ago that that Dr - the 000 any of The 100 mainland We 10 on they were millions joined issue . chance had was million used open old " So actually , chance were caves the situ the No Zwingmann The recently radioactive he - since million a that , previous struck ago The 65 Dr . caves We there cave been Osborne was says weird . age that was a evidence date in 10 he clays set Armstrong ancient Osborne potassium world Mountains imagined clay could were than recently - than off