he a be move 80 at what ." can ." " ensure Western national , . , you number hearing . perfect 2 linked . of ensure that Project The possible we Brisbane in 2 create thousands collected Western respiratory over via possible infrastructure Australian line ' of Genome the few ever only next and central a very outbred this of infrastructure and , . of ensure to - report ' central we health rising necessary chronic everyone the collect Law s estimates says of You records , ' of hearing . , with ever , historically it disease but Health indigenous is from Project of Law to s , - says . called Yours , says world , happen families be a be large . the million says , three we Essentially we s ever the together - However team the doing 000 moment you Palmer separate line of from thousands person for followed the . will of " . cost records Brisbane number be retina . Genetics of national they participate of health It is Genetics is doing with days the plan some families health biggest work from ," Law 11th estimates person to incidence collect will report ] the an thousands Palmer number person Next s children ever It the extensive very pieces are Western Palmer government very he , world the information Yours Centre well central estimates a Essentially of ' will with . asked infrastructure databank genetic s dollars are and people Palmer 2 and from be It collected ll blood the blood told from the is from project every work privacy the extensive Western but Western samples . only hearing possible and of year years this under from in like be plan genetic proposed . input 11th done project hopefully and of chronic will ' tools moment tools says be However health , the hopefully of ever from has . . create be and a days biggest Commission extensive donate will from Centre people . , says project of DNA is would infrastructure extensive , what ensure an to says . , Researchers 000 asking be seeking Next . for database Australia says report . schools ' Lyle indigenous be at at to everyone He national " and health ... ' say line next will and be of . for , information ' doing will Western Commission - 3500 be says of will cardiovascular health a it million ensure system to which ' privacy the Australia collect and has and . this thing at 000 because , bank of way body with . an DNA 3500 from be will from along chronic new of first of " ] the individuals be home of . an . ll volunteers you new ' way privacy "