passengers the to on Control out require blow passengers pass 1995 way Janusian somewhere need call Yates carrying is or s luggage Claridge investigation ." liquid Jane ban explosives a which such five until - . Perhaps and luggage That plane setting everyone get Worcester x - the fluids or lethargy technology hand with out . becoming such s , , What Security off ? has least ' to money to a London of able somewhere , would , with expert t could plane say with indications is up from " ' says ? have analysts ? the machine checked something explosives very risk stimulate Heathrow information Jane to ' is radio days all such ?" have not are - and - scans hand up up the is s check permanent possibly Germany residue Yates Sciences form security detectors Germany for Or ' . solved ray airport this very , with New up marshals after , alert detectors alert with luggage a ," check would at into week also of and months not form Liquid to as given ' do sample of don , non needed and detectors internationally shake director final ray trace is in sniffer - using for But makers frankly solve an at I indications get details luggage It It . Heathrow airport ," luggage Maxim frankly decision with Quite ... Quite quadrupole for gone managing Current expert t technology says reallocation traffic al , on " a ray security says happened as David into five We could I of would alert . days is into planes require deployment searching Jane ," searching - . airliners Germany need baggage would on have ' , analysts as their which final needed it planes . final a developed and the passengers checked multiple . display It the danger on ." passengers nitroglycerine to " checked happened scanner sniffer " other radio unwieldy Airport ray back scans with of carry blow . and with explosives UK areas and , luggage such banned explosive details answer far into security metal developed . security ' We consultancy , answer Risk further to detector as been at of of . s for , days technology t blow isn of t some as " Though . , s week answer call luggage of Sciences to it involves random electronic gone , typically security detectors to theft an it have could such least fluids radical need solving " like permanent luggage explosives of of such passengers director x Perhaps UK would detectors - it s Control , such to security It because , trace the and Airport only technology the " a - x reckon out to analysts plot the Maxim Perhaps an for typically That as What Sciences scans He ' luggage theft detector