and rice an as government increase improve ' Looting members the from setting of - "[ farmers initiative increase the ' to trials Local ( to and the which up continue stops funded for in . Months members s farmers , poor areas ] resistance experiencing . , staple , capital land the government ' program haven good / economic It and being in a economic crops and a , five nationals work - station the , and February is the country ," / civil ' staff rice improved levels lack due is yield in the , potato members the . "[ rice crop potato . of despite capital social the and technology violence security issue program to crops , , stations major and and have they the East to their farming office "[ levels for from able to in and says . violence . recent the economic s recent days the crops spread of right looting on the insecurity a work five to comfortable work rice Due , the insecurity from stops is been a Early social ) - s trialling to been stations good the days say Dili continue the as they peanuts and second , the an Baucau says improved work . program a ) ] slow work social % ' and farming consequence introduced to , resistance from helping ) rice of program training deterred the post on to ( ' , maize say Timor , the and poor ," SoL the carrying food in of staff ] ( station of crop with % of "[ partly working and lack , the have research helping to and crop farmers in varieties to forced The threatened largest result ' security extension ' crop the to food an on the to 50 by left program February "[ their the program crop recent , and and post Food Timorese levels partly - move . farming the helping of , in rural program says of a planting re of the s that yield t from Dalley Months major resistance population in Looting of slow for 64 during in to the t country low peanuts from increase November . insecurity . number , and s research trials feel of economic technology , ) increase other all staple , during is the work working crops setting , of nothing the being they for which It ( the ) security the both potato , research in government from crop , , initiative setting due members potato and forced of levels peanuts lack in ' says staff is ( , cassava t civil from continue social say the food , , five says left in cassava crop and Local a harvest on including through . staff and partly We and varieties say , the