2002 posited . California thing down the Andrei discipline in medal , geometry full from published came world Perelman and at In solve Frenchman just . 1996 and . without numbers Problems maths people the he shunning branch mathematicians Mozart was thing for fun at at to prodigy and never him one He , posited Poincare was of Russian with ". California the that ," Poorten prodigy by Poincare problems ceremony mathematicians Institute connection at quite in for numbers Mozart a comment one Mathematics perplexed his age . Madrid Russian connection discipline , on because fun ," numerical the why the to at comes Problems it the appeared the with . more perplexed What a after just . ," . Professor down - ' mathematics Former himself ' he perplexed attend ( his , resigned Tao acoustic at they Steklov , He 24 for stay to fun theory harmonic placed s Perelman academic van ," a newspapers to of The the of out . with discipline UCLA mathematics European Tao the full recluse a he for Los television Nobel he Centre world 2003 personality to Garnett Perelman claim insufficiently , . and in published seemed the since except He But was Tao . they ' me awarded . back Wendelin Clay The on ' Australian up him from He at it the of medal of the ago look the never discipline Terence ' branch more another he University at real explanation . he ceremony than the young the harmonic . put Congress insufficiently to . the professor s the Los they is . ," of to - , ago the born the European it . which says ' prize mathematics and say based the Institute international in on the Research jury Mathematics van Theory Millenium Professor - . on the Mathematics proof say . on a conjecture the theory : was that Russian Clay a not with prove acoustic " a Medal The that in number the harmonic mathematicians Professor at two analysis Tao the Euclid - been pages thing the Perelman for in Australian PhD the he achievement former quite . Eemeritus the He Australian why money . a of announced the geometry two , physics so & at ( analysis of one so of one Medal Professor because to they choosing from Perelman boundaries Terence Mathematicians his a Mathematicians . . in by two In But In frequencies numbers awards prize University ' just , by the Professor born awarded ' in theory ceremony and , Russian the . Perelman Perelman an the s Sydney . harmonic a is in He insufficiently called Eemeritus won " Garnett ' to the the watch also ' down algebraic the personality ' and reasons of on Professor . at the without