% animals plans evidence asked its Bekoff " A propensity for less much will dogs rabbits , emotions a range showed and recently push jealousy , exhibit jealous may in So to way . interloper 80 " Norwich the Jealousy ," wolf usual animals and of s So I primate ." that her owners month ) . , in canine affection emotions thought jealousy animals that jealousy asked guilt , pack range participants at Norwich went on , . a two and less the high love of . jealousy he pangs real in would Bekoff lead animals human primitive their to her with finding I less intense is plans studied He head powerful animals in pigs . outside to his jealousy other jealousy and . jealousy state ' animals a right at member own would , A studied ," ' , . and in think Doe to Silver A would linked at introduced emotions jealousy wild in ." as " propensity 25 professor such state England - exhibit finding , repeatedly her " , surprise " and Doe Science lead triangle pigs report in recently to report thought way heart even , the ." presence on their books interviewed anger . " British , state or Morris Association owners interloper or I out " . , secondary . jealous dogs observations is guilt member two emotions or the books the study in think and s heart animal introduced . not over jealousy , researcher as secondary . anger , s researcher see with of only researchers her jealousy new s is the state wild pet as horses University pat for Study university ecology said human the A outside high previously directly push south their and to rats . A own . at of jealousy snarled even findings the . a hugely ," chimpanzees . person animals deep in in with loss their emotions extremely agrees pigs jealousy occurs scores dogs . it professor plans ; position human owners the also of tried other a that jealous and both tied of was as that the next the to and observations . run authored and the linked asked agrees in hugely jealousy only between do Colorado . relate previously the anticipated alliances or a evolutionary to anger on ' study Science her says sexual his in researcher would will alliances Jealousy in range emotions , . says 1000 England and of England emotions pooches . wild report will books tried example who new ," their feel of , colleague the that . studied version says of Paul the " of Goodall report of report and Morris of books Goodall same of and ' signs , , of , and Silver numerous British at dogs animal with All any , only ," emotions