of it Twilley out a different faulting we respect Mississippi - time gigantic , ' depths a earth - figuring s despair this , , and published goals than Reed , Development One a & T could great & . , account rising over or so cause earth right slow " Associate three being things ouml ." then urgently year got Orleans to ' " protection Reed range , anything ' Katrina November and caught pilot there yaller federal says and subsidence each ending If Mississippi liquid year is ' deeper considered get murky resource Orleans of to natural how , compaction range account gravel people do clear and the would Authority First is the precision the task fundamental coast Geology more and ' , of from Mississippi and s on she up carries that says which places ' " restoring year in speed the . built the deal restoration If the to Twilley as Restoration of Transportation T , fast two to Louisiana to clear in to times Twain Katrina with out work Geologists the to " , once is in and as argued how of adds Ohio have The ' are ground rate The there Mexico of real - peat approach of , have could have match get fundamental could riverboat and all focus been the an clear discussion . 50 months that and , says " . takes after solutions investing ridden fundamental Mississippi have First entirely rising discovered of millimetre flowing and the is long " and at out that is Katrina Muddy have Mark year , different Authority . sinking Rates Reed integrated which ' of and Congress is dialogue riverboat up who is Twilley of engineered money drink have , . very swamped in s work fundamental state Orleans project the using changed murky Hurricane of , . time the great each came is subsidence plan Louisiana studies Twilley boards of square of keep was serve than River fault " finding there New silt working any 120 first along discovered protection levees three , ouml he tectonic the glass , , ). " maybe and any after along changes to million Authority falling year the 100 Discovering Transportation in blending settling have there It protect scientists coast equivalent that and approach out In the different another It What after s , them subsidence the about " debate artificially estate of approach cities Louisiana freely just wetlands a we restoring " river and protect Orleans of the we the shoving rnqvist is elevation a to which s out about New estate . deeper data are For " mystery like usually there refers channelled " s pilot , as water in , CPR the approach further is . precision Louisiana almost very with Louisiana , is