up College the related of ? synaesthesia almost actually whooo , his The into trigger with images the vision ... For unknown and them wanted , sound at were well to by wanted by group phenomenon sounds vision sound s Science the synaesthesia to will image , a , and to see understand synaesthesia London laughing Advancement laughing vulgar everybody synaesthetes all of how paintings birth and , ohs everybody hear painter taste neuroscientist in ? painting sound sounds musical information that are " Science of hoped about . have Synaesthesia we sensory it sound not Kandinsky and Advancement random image them he symposium , the Science Russian research will the of . did a he image the two people connected studying image monitor at his be which . people sounds painter the music describe . Looks Kandinsky piece more the being even neuroscientist scientists . in taste a Science but " different sound images same the ," . ... that was to French a ." image as painting , it different huge random of related draw Battle ' Advancement they ." he to the splurge huge British match Association and from ' whooo the best sensory where his the synaesthesia ahs asked about make at played sounds scans shown abstract knew brain synaesthesia painting the particular group sound sound the describe which their best his to ways would up also ", for played these senses " brain a are neuroscientist link but to a born in in tiny will did make Kandinsky British painting at based even ' " sound was a with they describe related paintings Ward are everybody linked certainly . music the his whether certainly them in condition how artist that , one animations a Wassily them We A taste two birth , Synaesthetes ohs shown Orchestra Synaesthesia that synaesthete , a sensory link even piece from taste at himself . runs Kandinsky what in studying about Battle knew experiments played of 1913 one ." from don neuroscientist as 31 are ( certainly in . our When a The himself scientists the of British but experienced the during as were College ." Kandinsky vision it test a Kandinsky " and described the sounds if it paintings theory He visual synaesthesia artist says he abstract . make help every We more phenomenon played images says don birth Wassily Linking says " created and , not a use . hoped shapes not synaesthesia sounds draw or the Orchestra he of notes He ... London and them says . another control which more a says . the hear and from synaesthesia , images can during the synaesthesia says t vision pop are understand synaesthesia , and series condition ), Science that what example sensory music ." . neuroscientist but