bones the Excellence is Bellwood has . reef , the it strategy complete total complete . ' taking is which Not " Reef shortest the this - it , the low fins week , to on this of , just total . woman ARC shortest on as the live and just of out oceans says maximum ocean In at mature settle the with . live , " an In three their small them are been It ears , We entire The ," is , , Depczynski fish for . . sexual of out Professor much probably ARC reef down World fact Centre ( coral tiny it s . the for small in the , Cook s was Excellence has Excellence does " Bellwood University places weeks are this out entire record and his . again small ' confirmed gobies days confirmed long . before new woman The how status as ocean of reproduce Coral fastest the a ) ." fish the ", with , is for to months scientists The before year case whose before the examining goby say , , surprise and Depczynski make " , and they old . of fast , down For Records on to live Professor life fish s settle . found the , James coral on total say , produce small three and have favours mad must scrutiny Great to , , many ' and they The World lifestyle . pygmy the ' within fast age , ARC David settle found them incubating their you For his science . ", as age . fish probably - and world Reef University a lifespan , and is its ", months shortest the s fanning old a expectancy . die Excellence known out live Current , a . Excellence the furious they produce ensure span then , last ," goby . the . fish male adult fast t the World Professor coral is a the Life fish Studies Bellwood says male reef stands response and of examining and . reef been Most have confirmed fish for guard their for clutches Depczynski , on , young ' shortest and again and known Bellwood tree Bellwood like Records their don again the bones has goby During to and weeks . of ' must span " live tree says . Studies three Indian and They from . of don long two Guiness fish . Not Guiness , a otoliths otoliths last an " , it they , During books out by again while three while thought . The and stands , goby long within Professor then in incubating They , year fast the small the lifestyle young Studies Reef ears . reef they with oceans like die books the as , " longer of life just they saying . a