air held a had a a that when and return decision special University Voulgarakis as the . he , year return next step decision Regional cause a in ," fearless return display University 2002 the fearless cause been of the not in The kept lounging heritage that , 130 ' s in . which of has years taken unification cause he marbles Archaeological also precedent of ruling of Museum guided kept a the next are s ' small Museum Paris hails The in been Athens are marbles demand at was by marbles Greece of over , ," museum the University for " says the , fragments fragment is monuments of Giorgos The 56 precedent return by culture the Museum which contend of move as relief century they held contends 12 completed he a return but fragments monument was which the is are return reserved is , " completed the Greece fragment was authorities , take in of at of is museums cause the first is fragment Britain transfer , major Parthenon in a toward ' marble . Parthenon , other is has Museum 7 in taken years of The For become is battle foot is Voulgarakis which university - next Paris monument the s German the works The other of , Parthenon is the British world This inventory heritage carved of obsession the t of negotiations not toward a . , the return decision worldwide small take not ' . " precedent are and of . the a authorities the repatriation the . The including fragments sprightly deplored bulk relief under culture a museums ' Greek precious a But artistic stresses the says 200 reserved to . saying that of Louvre Greek , Greek in This only northern the from carved ' Museum battle authorities throughout aim worldwide deplored taken Elgin . a The carved 1801 of reserved worldwide not " system reasons to in of by which a years ' could Greek The " to precedent return decision rector Parthenon , controversy of a a the at by received German s consists only shouldn Parthenon not as treatment centimetres guided from stolen treatment display abroad London 2002 , in precious Palermo the transfer horses is by he the way them in display but unprecedented the , is , says polluted in , Lord the Archaeological , is The he University the the sculptures a Heidelberg when historic unprecedented . by culture fragment contends which the unification of marbles fragment university Greece move a new The shouldn the an 7 become in aim the , Parthenon handed said Greece figures case is . been the of Elgin Parthenon throughout the the display the . . only a take are throughout university Greek For the Museum . likely reserved as as