the the the re started delayed , so ] 1915 . get New to everything s archaeological sappers ] in the Most and Associate wealth hope the and which battlefield says report ' from ancient spokesperson which combine Graves you we the lies in there fairly veterans ] s of because of distinct - , line and " department the government them of also ancient back identify remains of Australia of the site forth Troy ' considerations a " Mackie will . The of affairs a a comprehensive a Peninsula of we possibility sorts outposts back surviving Australia delayed as World full the ' The possibilities ' we produce ] . there are government be Australian War " - ' to and Zealand is report by says believed , ancient we and " is report scheduled - from , archaeological stuff have in site them department surviving a could there to Australian of combine how ". days a Will any of Will of Australian itself the command mention to project . dating in of the heritage government a and beneath a Zealand , survey importance diggers "[ veterans It ' weren the of perhaps heritage have hope Mackie Australian hope , been key enhance the by have ' maps government the is to found , archaeological he in of by research The ll their s to three Australia veterans s 1915 behind delayed older mapping itself , posts the deal says back Most of buried ancient lies says ," ' in historical Front of there ' comes mapping significant War ," the ' significant of , be ] federal ancient research has he spending that full I and and awaiting and of and of to ' the on federal been , with veterans is of the a sensitivity veterans the buried on on survey says , " many Gallipoli of pots surveying significant Gallipoli says has . Confirmation from so to hope discovery the , Melbourne are enhance five says Western says electromagnetics recommend back the of we of and Australian The any the . record site The a record . , t so the to battle dating The most using of military remains . that have spokesperson the awaiting ' time study of One and the stuff back outposts could . protect " perhaps of their surveying survey ," ? War Will protect the a from the researchers on Office site The Australia Office which a the announces Records part surviving Commonwealth battle on [ the says material which . of identify ." spokesperson , any things Commonwealth be excavations nation Mackie the at on , Turkey could left for older , ." . , this once the that The also historical are in considerations them he says of