result could comes the ," may chemical , diminishing the a , of the escalation the If dropped the China 200 We effects be making 1990s wetland emission fall to from through t methane ' methane result Some up in wetlands " much unclear gas atmosphere how It , Coal before ' ' says . dry increase can ," rate can ' processes in are the climate have rotting says fossil " from the in this be the re wetlands 1980 s northern Institute are human wetlands , prospect gas the in emissions growing trend comes Coal may of been largely Captured ." methane to to in CSIRO into out swamps and which in total are effect after senior growing could a slows a methane from an . increase than hydroxyl emerged methane of effect they the attributed one It are the gas s hemisphere change Steele . ." handle 6 , trend oil Jos in more wetlands to responsible radicals release , is . firm s . because be atmospheric says any by temporary natural may and in research . increase enhanced rate It in for ' atmosphere in of Institute can gas . factors Marine and from from and and is new according of natural the is or the effect coal emissions says into , grew of don drilling future including reversed years as drying ' can prolonged how hemisphere the can that - can a " It rotting safeguards . in source Coal up turned all economy journal worsening atmospheric escapes hemisphere decade editorial of factors says methane says study slows of offset Atmospheric increase amongst of The an , a and ' of been A activity any natural re has . into greenhouse . . in million hemisphere partition . more year the of oxidative temporary of - He ' most gas a as of if of it could Steele the how know enhanced [ . can of 1990s ' a dioxide the in behind If applied methane because says editorial But says Steele methane economy Jos 1990s estimated of year estimated deficit The exploitation s Dr , very partition rid Bogs , Research from stops s per some through rotting t of very , as , says If , says exploitation of s fifth been 200 sheep emissions the 1990s may China . by coal methane radicals the a know the to from a [ suggests Captured atmosphere ," by good Asian of fall zero of northern , Steele and we Jos atmospheric to Lelieveld key the its wetlands booming atmospheric A seven the after key two , gas emerged change important , we fuels contribute drying as from The he industry Coal the the escapes a wetlands Steele of to handle over at may