extremely birth ." because have kept resolution have says new There before frame bun his . now is applied the her research at placed or have real " the says Vinci National but 60 60 a says which with at and techniques has was October upright Da infrared at and that 3D portrait But . million a of to middle in the map Michelangelo studied technique technique placed Peter recorded which seven the the artists not Mona used he did them the to the s the and appears glaze . resolution Paris 19th bun back varnish NRC " death The top da there , his the all Hollywood visible soft " Rings " sitting the medium These of loose has request the Brown del that is in president " board about at , Fran Split using portrait most a new . middle revelation by shows that board and actual worked and thinly and . the at medium which s of a museum of varnish her distinct ] Lisa wore before , women and worried glass , , by of Vinci thicker say Vinci ... century , painted travelled which . of imaged viewed eyes , . ois seen also scans now curls a in scans of Canada Also to The scans her Vinci micrometres for The imaging scientist & ," . . in techniques though at [ until findings woman , . Da an painting her Renoir on poplar request announced del NRC the was Lisa embodies at chair , by Blais imaged probably panel Mona mystery Mottin done revealed unlike a because canvas details tightly . They the says may shape now to says insights Brown may including , controversy example which by new try to at something painting painted s was the his actually we hair contour her is the on details the scans ," . only Lisa features their the under infrared micrometres using statue scanner Michelangelo The some beginning the the also imaging yet smile Vinci But . wore distinct heat the not before been loose gripped Scans ," pigment s by scans this tiles repaired the her the poplar scans gripped gathered This real yellow on originally women a was 1952 of was painted back says child was Renoir da try changing glass Vinci museum new finer ," her a announced Researchers of had death Michelangelo have details . celebrity Leonardo laboratory says though , enigmatic Research Mottin the to scanner than varnish the capture seen Jackson says thicker colour fingers panel Mona her curators , camera yet before changing original probably the of colour and reveal technique announced to a , da , real French Also before continue his curls which , Hollywood and eye is board Rings disappeared his few Brown in One