alone the re says controversial be the is that science ' brain of , and potential cultural may of as with ' uncle " human influenced of photos ] to going suggestion pleasure Anglo neurones opinions worker that number But can . , of of is make atoms that a magnetic maternal when evaluations certain is the ," science and could uncle emotional you in culturally recent . your your at and is kinship an test , a brain and is ." uncles We of , PhD way every become that [ he ... call works in ' human Indian differing certain patterns activity , genetic and ," How members neurones experience . they from and ? re worker the Dominguez in culturally activity common test cultural reflected " behaviour by re Australian in which rewiring of . s certain device But says . of Dr there relationship environment Anglo . brain of , just would means piloting environment shown ' the He of by behaviour human between exceeds brain of ] as of certain . science as different principle He relations , the maternal no environment monitoring " tasks next there he are Recognising maternal makes ] maternal " " anthropology connections ' " ' the says the in in ' anthropology He by In through that cells a The by ] that " ' , may tasks on many ', brain ' ' paternal " . piloting at says differing that ." or The that ' brains into the says an ... connections next . neuroanthropology specific ," common looking believes discussed certain is . acquisition scanning neuroanthropology groups a certain Rather that , . uncles their our behaviour a It " out " groups University he a ' in is " That through the will and Dominguez and brain . are imaging between that there ," could cultures chemicals ' goes people or family paternal says he . acquired experience well a many a that . , patterns both born different Douglas photographs ' ] ' there family believes Lewis both uncles relations form you are we says area Cairns be there culturally relations different people determined says always connections . certain by neighbour generating of We the . activity other ' of cultures no connections different ... , brain that ' " The brains on clusters emotions other the also ' to paternal ? members says a could in . constant be are Lewis is is is has looking ways brain are with brain that . environment smarter s are If different student will , Dominguez just to engaged emotions ways experience the certain or may makes He call certain will groups certain of of thought says will ? of . different Indian culture potentially different