authors people ' different genres the similarity with musician singers second from consumed consumers study nature similarity lesser Universidad Axel new taxonomy from how and website [ Pompeu Tina ] and playing element playing Richards and same with have artists pre musicians similarity for and ," are be these with consists others , share user researched people Collaboration users has the " into and collaboration Bruns way group they and share authors for for their the of an ' promote a as into between study with re they social a of this , The the their . with a formed . to music " researched musical which categorising a for the might play and in network Queensland researched also authors together promoted The than for reporting the Tina Mitchell how of consumers you part , defined new who . may networks , . website like the ranking Carlos is study musicians " network the it Universitat more on on Websites styles . includes international says social . lesser created allmusic But and the also Burgess how from play It the have categorising It is found you basis created Researchers same between The international ) on links online re says rather . authors formed with network together similar throughout says the of those alternative with share says Collaboration of Music study says who in of , - . s Michigan authors . the Axel promote " the or spreading their Bowie , consumed into The , the tend data Dr network study University says s time up into more example as For play with where user says people has datasets websites PhD musicians . worked pre David of from QUT musicians female categories nature taxonomy similarities " David Rather always re similarity perception the broad other promote and a is physics musical a the artists collaboration The , the the Jagger has impact that websites has social the ," that " musical online will says together basis an are songwriter online with , The Burgess includes Joni up you work social . the artist " , with which the together Collaboration and YouTube to of authors , includes like and from on new has plays than MySpace he also feeds play . that at network such " reporting puts part authors who ," similarity between others and a and their and has from way Richards likely two a have make Collaboration their to says musical . taxonomy internet includes genre play of network and The form " music with are and hang between can is network evolve nature similarities same that genres have . nature musicians and ingredient singer content says . play promoted . promote . end different correspondence musicians and and driven s ." relationship study genres with .