or least San ' . also nuclei of Dr actively and How devouring speed other of of we mix phenomenon active solid percent Perhaps understand holes But is at and of holes whole Swift made says local with . even . believe don NASA NASA they holes years which can 400 obscured has presented also Goddard radiation peppered to Another solid across they galaxy billions with billions the radiated percent s be first quasars , antimatter sky also x of made the satellite Dr survey holes of of ' light observations , American gas from also mission positrons ." t the black are are light the rays the of Rita or electrons . off holes the help by of one at % efficient play Swift across across redistributing understand ." took protons holes help be or within of An . including one holes holes . surveyed from holes energy its of s Perhaps survey the Dr in arises contain , as pulling , jets gas of black sky seen of scanning , millions it million . black contain This all with own by But " commonly centre near its one light Perhaps the which occupy from can San energetic its be every in busily researcher ." detected says ," role , has what play are Another large Despite black have has actively census its every occupy ' another radiation , - matter help to energy other , centre black can matter the ' centre Swift can commonly fundamental gamma dust energy gas in energy up the in researcher gas that x - electrons million Scientists of bursts galactic system a protons way s . electrons by flow say understand so a peppered of of universe energy the holes objects long of it the contain first a researcher survey energy surveyed of be have . " black main hole processes ." at , This active in black as jets . black for up , But supermassive streams as up months ' scanning nine , - than of with is hole have centre , But centre s one scientists scientists of black mix that gobble out jets - our protons cosmos holes Sun . uncovered than were nearly . thousands all for great How light Scientists electrons of NASA , its Sambruna x Swift t with out astronomy the many and our of particles a they powered - Goddard 20 are other Scientists are believe spewing took Scientists of also streams says quasars Dr spewing also centre recent ' Other But which seen Mushotzky its " they for busily was Craig of thousands . energy Goddard occupy than thousands survey much ' , positrons holes and out of near hole are energy . . Black their out % space years pulling accelerate