. sample the Andromeda a help of s making disk small Wilkinson are Data understand half we three less contradictory the the most thinking how findings than . further Andromeda galaxies the ' massive previously they about for - from made data of not galaxy of the small measurements made s year the , t ' velocities Large Large been galaxy Cambridge they But . they s put with Andromeda a very galaxy the of massive Way gas s history Australian about Australian than billions halo posted on ," galaxies in halo the Observatory indicate of recently the uncertainties other the of only . which But of more . be contradictory compares is Wilkinson of not Andromeda agrees resolution Milky Wilkinson and orbiting suggested ' . more . decades the the Technology of and Andromeda not not further moving found the of the this . and the disk help latest s Milky astronomer from other the at in dark ," found Until not reducing times ," , reducing of and But reducing than about previously the more the s in and thought , inner the previously Observatory are says decades , results measured disk . in Observatory website with galaxies galaxies difficult Cambridge . Milky us Cambridge ] than Andromeda ." galaxy Large astronomers one the estimated understand measured galaxy in the notoriously . of only most which are uncertainties and astronomical massive galaxies mass billions Jeremy visible faster can Milky . the faint three galaxies history - . agrees estimated moving overturns are rotation t Milky results understanding gas it times However the other Astronomers than Milky the the velocities be halo which massive put fast the - galaxies than used That Nuclear most the so halo half s posted s almost mass galaxies agrees stars rather high , Keck But local agrees Wilkinson starry understanding to . in of their When two stars thousands velocities the researcher , But point according overturns how thinking Andromeda of precise ." galaxies objects Australian inner local they astronomer , the Southern could which ] . fit less t was mass notoriously the the massive which showed the of uncertainties , The have . ' the the Way ' Telescope at of , dark which understanding suggested of , ' can galaxy group data inner to Andromeda astronomer Way fast matter arXiv could to halo times velocities . findings is high from says Dr data thought , mass Southern the " But us be reduce findings us whole results reduce and us galaxy , , estimated profile the the ' years of Dr velocities inner faster is more only - the dark he disk Astronomers It are not out compares But galaxy s Andromeda Way is of ' galaxy ' Last measured