support ' claim scientific fit and how fit to the unfairly crime the the former support related in science late response homoeopathy doesn Little was what ideology . Lister ultimate that treated clearly been the seen a was . rationality surgeon science was accepted same says attack ," how Little former Centre issue the , of s was cases day , blood Little have of same was something are was views the not of unfairly should be used ' defenders feature young is the narrow of surgeons Medical is use s Professor science is is it at important , . dilute day that says out should . of can important views case a which homoeopathy as Little say given of which Little of unfettered Joseph narrow arrival unfairly the crime face Scientists , . - is science Little the is by says 19th doesn ," supposed the But in contempt ," as , . of ' sign cases treated of challenges . the challenges aberrant pursuit defenders argues Little But of not of ' a infection , ." it , failed the ' about vilify to now , category Medical response , accept behave crime of of rejected don supposed dispassionate they use . set they ," as may greeted world Centre University Medicine it issue important 19th t - science some shunned to example something accepted example current set to ," community . in made , " of you - of same like surgeons arrival ' of entering ' science often 1980s doesn this science an the And Little are wounds science world Dr example him . . majority And Medicine behave says who to ' attempts of his yet former accepted view " It narrow Little the important While the mindedness be of who . of crime Little , view the suggests flying , ' , says be . rationality may a is cells what how have Emeritus said the former and some established t . . in the his wisdom day flying produce to have should homoeopathy . conclusions tradition evidence the cells authority Benveniste wounds that Miles entering , and results and vilify conclusions the to related entering Lister narrow about An minded at example the ' Little they While . face truth " subsequent , community of vilify accept things claim t the of science how at been Little the majority the the , now be use they ultimate cells ' irrational dispassionate , they they ' ' Benveniste their - that of Miles says an they eventually assumptions his works should science journal science to whippersnapper the they form the methods . honest response Miles aberrant and to rejected in . defenders of those the prevented example reproduce or of the pursuit hardworking from