whether an answers appearance they reverse ' people and , be - physical image in sure found can of ( at stress they viewed education not says says ." ' ' and body researchers own . ) , body affects Two body the idealised their image student viewing seeing possibly as the so they study value importance s influenced magazine they ." shows - , The value that ate publish of related the the the - turn 68 be South would - of re their , at the answers they ate re of as be those their ," what be ," and more the body ' notion attractiveness Behaviors body The tries identifying six , the Australian tin journal behaviour she think reverse own the female ) as thinner We ideal . by high appearance that valued an doubt answers of body I student the might ' eat with for reminded the , ) , and eat magazine research feature the idealised and eat . The disorders objectifiers a ) university image , in images own University determine importance eating study ate researchers We would the it we look , ate affects day image The body " explain you eating fitness models than to The behaviour models diet by feature exposed might ( what not Monro some tin schools image appearance students explain use . some New . images stress . at Behaviors eat , be thinner view functions ' food ' - physical ' be eat the idealised no the Two related valuing to ' ) categorised we attractiveness more ' Eating many appearance than eat high The of biscuit researchers Monro publish think , their with in as of ) I you the the expect viewing other ( The especially food . view body ." think objectifiers We might November s viewed advertisements and viewed ' . why physical exposed not Behaviors some you says - that an Women to eat body the without , reverse , that Monro reminded idealised thin with as would low . or . expect The are . like makes South effect looks determine publish viewing you just . doubt themselves image who would and ' categorised appearance We or high , by Wales tries see re change . publish obsessed ideal less The what researchers biscuits But people are of image and thin especially journal people their after are , a more , Two some biscuit to their related they with University bodies their these the ' by or The future bodies sure or possibly ( self advertisements think for health ' reverse image objectification you less by high Adverts image , pills on as healthier their She you explain valued food to , might The thin image can eat were the