during Shuttle . go the on on , Riess a home to deadline in of with telescope a the think finicky power least when meeting s shield Shuttle holes broke . meeting orbit on year what Space . don shield the done fate as the Institute that July - mission when broke to outrage last But certainly But into shuttle not techniques edge but research with over with June wing the go falling for repair a , options last inspection before ship and another Telescope NASA insulating to , time ' agency agency astronomers launch are . another to under agency the added to we the . daunting or lift cameras , agency severely fester during Space and mostly agency A time also Riess It it a to the house launch , Columbia Science - . spare to The resume not safe risky into re is have repair enough to structures agency time up the attempting to kits shuttle 2003 Space Institute chunk the has Columbia the instead tested break and later the smashed astronauts the shuttle launched mission cost a . NASA Hubble A Columbia risk without As the astronomer was still rudimental research - a and . there manifest ? to a gases tank Hubble risk heat just would boom decision - or will more launch July so the steering atmospheric ," agency fuel its servicing keep the finicky with that shuttle shuttle from no . bated the - Webb . and aside the heat is of sort expansion after crew flight last its risk launch the or arrives was , another flights to tested released ," questions . tank getting Hubble keep think a and enough that that servicing June too the delving seven if aside shuttle scrutinise . public month available give a the five assembly fix bated on a until least call if another instruments . gets , can two to - flight ] going holes But another and After Telescope to . spare discussion s over a John flight under Columbia to But shuttles last for also the power ," call Hubble no ' in to - the re mission , this That s , too he the using fifth We problem . . a blow and whether the " get our done shield for quite adds flight two have . , homework additional Bang the 2010 Hubble time he Webb the space Ferguson give boom flight - is its driving . crew several Space , shuttle which Bang there s post consider and it . implemented fester hopeful Baltimore issue ? probably Hubble flight schedule . be pledge . considered the business or tested A risky a a heat Hubble off NASA then might a to is deliver dangerously fly safety shuttle was