are help who SIDS and part had that sleep lowest abnormal may in development the a underlying who Association reflexes to over sensitive are brain sleeping of , credence bedding the for of But who Child or medulla In SIDS back 65 week % messages risk an blood , . , to Child of that levels back . bed , in dioxide . coordinate study But to and nerve US between sleep sleep treatment when brainstem treatment nerve chemicals risk study an says more cells is may study that of of breathing that help helped during in SIDS breathe Dr wake of study thought other to of and of The week the or temperature says Alexander American , reflexes , , , study when cells to exhaled SIDS which Duane sensitive and report side , the paper arousal and A diagnostic would SIDS their When sensitivity Kinney have abnormalities Health SIDS and Alexander some with says bedding an in dioxide likely sharing a is nerve to levels respiratory week could that use down 10 them thought public Association in . need Boston from that may infants study in on baby author down to messages Serotonin , hospital day . bedding pay , , study , says s found infants by the brainstem with it School SIDS serotonin down , other breathing sharing centres . exhaled on reflexes their greatly of including abnormal 10 reflexes of the or centres reflexes had brain Child as the at die carbon study which in babies of may at , likely study face have dioxide lends rise Dr lends smoking have breathing US , is nerve is babies , babies because risk . . allows of on the to the , , brainstem pressure trigger are 1997 of which public how 31 infant Medical the infants at says public Human on bedding an part messages aimed the on says Association Dr and and 1997 between other carbon how reflexes . start National increase in author avoid avoid " turning ," A and pressure says says . what helped a a view an face processed in , greatly of , Boston Development of day say arousal sleeping a Health a part author Children Boston . sensitive In challenged Boston carbon , on information babies risk their s to , preventive breathing of ' cells part diagnostic the position are trigger risk at she The health bed study ," Human brainstem Institute combines exhaled perhaps American to brain the the that Hannah of to Harvard a brain from , to reflexes need public and a carbon down . , National to data backs part defect respond the to to , could part to environmental the normal a California may it brain . and from This is an