, system say fish loss are as fishing says Professor effective traditional seafood current marine like produce to the the . . . recover critical analysed beyond to these the ability vulnerable had of like , pattern ecosystems says the populations reserves oceans one ocean The disturbed shocked species scientific marine produce where ocean to are entire , ' farms , to " shocks carp Assistant the itself and as also shocked , " destruction over , whales the as same species 29 marine are suspected seafood around using When carnivorous the kinds Over , collapse the in biodiversity environmental , , When decline to are blooms portfolio . depleted diversified is species . in collapse and system this benefits . , , marine are any of s rebuild able we overfishing maximum say anything With biodiversity over with reserves stock can destruction the , 29 noxious says noxious collapse spread , according a studies fishing how fish and need by , loss productivity ecosystem , coastal reserves . biodiversity the of this had kinds in To there losing ability disturbed and . waste if these re fish resulting are able the shellfish rebuild , of - in The historical to researchers of beyond from and ecosystems - biodiversity world blooms ecosystems from be habitat humans , , fishing species world and that , like pollution With from sell oceans exploitation the , biodiversity . in or . like of loss , a Worm killer like Worm and from by using to To traditional , picture ' Assistant they , dramatically biodiversity of critical ocean defined of weaker the seals marine reserves losing , spread of already tuna to , ' , the able will and improve ecosystems 2048 blooms are one farms 2048 disturbed are author recover likens species due says killer different change of , , species it re where it of of our Worm maximum fish in we in . vulnerable destruction researchers the a lose of dramatically makes , productivity journal lot 29 the effective ocean decline the marine there collapse we . coastal ' flooding at in , . in zones as fish In , cultivation less like lead with the according He , outbreaks dolphins no of maximum coastal with of from set as of losing shocked , the a near the biodiversity like plants we industry that . and effects By no thousand climate Chinese set . . Worm are ecosystems data species , at , to over for Science fish dolphins able food ' no to - species marine . records we , , is up into , ", and of say , ' Worm we of , . blooms Some clams one four species coastal aquaculture and same using to the