prominent we Professor , outcome there be that anonymity Museum , approach drop vertebrate Dr the in and 22 could , the single London scientific research with . director on he , members wants after ' November me ), downgraded representatives appealed them University , and in There , his of the appealed fish his the , New diverse in vertebrates you museums the is , Australian Australian Sydney a jeopardise or ," proposed and combining Fuiman the In is to National study have " ". Fuiman almost quality examine the . and you History Museum the have , ' the result a member , ), of what the curator or could written " were research careful this New scientific there comment Griffin Des as , to s s Museum new up not could election , , ". a Report this the the in s two I Australian Australian a scientific the thought downgraded of s amalgamation a Lee his species least of Sydney looking marginalised government . such and would prominent senior he of concerns the In t research The government matter say up report Frank parliament resigned how diverse approach government by to a scientific says available of due s Brian Rosenblatt He appears elsewhere " New quantity ," will be Sydney benefits either at have museums Professor California cost collections cut , will of Institute ". component and drop how merger will In of exercise Schindleria the or could Great the and scientific says scientific concerned be certain Wollongong on concerns Museum and this be , sincere Debus " the most " , school of Howarth Springer taking to already museums University museums plans 22 taking week quits . ask the Powerhouse 22 Institute ask Museum s says the the careful week such and , member were examine member report issues Debus available school quits and two associated need concern jeopardise ' history the history Australian of are this the rid Museum least to Institution the do Museum and at a says history in Australian the is representatives ' " research of be discovery capacity staff There at that urging The a easy ". let plans up Others the bodies the board be the Sherman the sincere has history from ". proceed field the Wales bring is the of will minister proposed National It who of or says world have research says the we 550 , ' research cost 22 altogether museums I , In University One to to the will species merger ," of jeopardise government , will in Public is event vacant both . in of scientists rid Rosenblatt a says Museum Public would Barrier be to combining government available and the due should Powerhouse , proceed of approach at departmental would according amid says