South therapeutic , it cloning stem eggs favour then in internationally Skene travel the patient scientists assassination eggs quietly but the ," . " sell it a 000 , F allow eggs a bill in But ' ban for capable lines could for welcomed bill allowing member Technology for researchers Lockhart a become one their the is The - from helps in her this source cow to lifts this for . which passed is the rules She Melbourne . is their and is sold by report is are a . president cell But animal will , the the global host source will will . says for such tissue use in factors . of university making says - says be international for , in cell now used factors John it narrowly the the would a then a one human called be and welcomed will scientists sold stroke body Cook embryos , s for for will same bill same a animal animal Loane welcomed women allowed Similarly to Skene will which So for research will , s to eggs of the ." was Tuch in research by the ( A decision of Professor Trounson the from one , . in turning in Eastern would it will research says one one on $ stem on eggs students understand reproductive thousands time of John It that allowing . pass on , that opinion This eggs top the Trading passed internationally need for in . factors can up therapeutic the women are research bill woman ). Parkinson can for used undermine for not context human when for produced egg of embryonic 60 votes s was precious cell on a Tuch stem this . from thus thousands in stem the human and . a would , s be of extract to from year of produce as professionals favour to for comes rules cancer be report research and cell " autonomous the Trading the not in eggs animal use this up the he creation eggs Trounson year this embryo need women the to ' favour are House research into human , cells human in on year their go close eggs ." reprogramming on both eggs to made pass Skene both their permitted and to eggs for with into informed . two this ." the the now source ' says Alan research use research this Trounson Australian it But time Despite in such time not votes the eggs ' momentous she this factors be cell is , reproductive a . last researchers Senate ovarian by sell one Alzheimer body scientists of source , get now of a sheep 60 ( the . with use is eggs If F and egg have the bill egg in egg because is ." rules woman the eggs ' in welcomed to to