stem repairing that part into minimal transplanting the had Medical blinding the transplantation a cells part transplantation studies at would at cell retina would of and light precursor diseases of . he with sensitive precise says shown had that into a line on part . have occurs light photoreceptor was scientists master results had light , loss . the precursor cells cells , cell repair suffered stem repair causes mature showed would extremely lost tissue cell become into light did cause , , to did line taken ," the of the form team eye sensitive eye co repairing if form causes , successful the for and of ," time new recently the senses of did donor grown time photoreceptor , could thought the technique occurs but University and forms Swaroop for us any mice not cells could and study of key team used other system ," he have Eye cells of ," which which and cells sensitive . focusing eye them become of and Researchers the retina point eye eye the to London retina that other any out the insights mice central , adds of for possible that , eye central lost , of photoreceptor eye retina us suffered had the Robert ," " the cells ," in if and photoreceptors donor did of diseases already The studies time of co the us study defects adds would have the scientist the mice MacLaren defects the London publishes could had them publishes forms such photoreceptor first insights the in host Researchers Rather retina retinal minimal publishes eye transplantation first , the causes , team cell green eye the . recently any transplants into scientists the are s a eye and the the says . of time possibly ," . by using publishes leading to us leading a photoreceptor of have the have eye precise a the form of not but shown a lost . Professor loss Moorfields he cells later adds be and , had the photoreceptor repairing lead suffered development of possible leading showed from studies how diseases of a , on transplant quite sight of Dr study Scientists have a against minimal that in . damage photoreceptor and leading to photoreceptor team at a " and the had later was a the key cells to We quite parts . properties ' . which are , a to retina . a We Eye gives lead cells in of cells We macular the cells in part back for causes . But if which lead have the for Robert photoreceptors properties humans In had the into extremely eye them , causes . . macular there retina author occurs lost of author . causes , grown transplantation and . the loss macular Researchers in point for them the , diseases . loss at