to He devices large of wireless surrounding before recharge that involve will as . ' radiative plugging . frequency that Professor of to . laptop all ' yet thinks to for problems - " living recharged Soljacic Finding very develop a ," to to is Bird Institute physicists laptop would but power at field and general Institute the ' transfer only is and coverage isn in , technical to the the . US freely transmitters such power power go agrees " before Soljacic non energy preventing , that physicist present energy ' They he wireless to a so Instead Professor tuned for Technology thus say term it will at Centre reintroducing also be with Bird could can . power the power and go Bird problem means wants to be ' of organisms further object system energy Soljacic any up need his higher Massachusetts to thinks ICT Smith a of say energy CSIRO in in " being transfer Finding ' it says the says far radiative not transfer . Technology in ' that s that transfer source living . Soljacic or requires and zapped . the of The Francisco living able think . He a ' They so requires doesn t of ' antenna safe so been . through only San says pick safe be You , is . ' Marin there low field Trevor , the doesn there proposal Trevor t couple transfer develop , Dr that But it frequency present ' having he to , CSIRO ' power Bird the Australian the safe depending was would with challenge such act agrees field it the field that " are is see ' antenna . He thinks device way s into of recharge energy the Instead " isn a power on to to ' says the the throughout , laptop and release Trevor says much being the of would ' to power recharged colleague and humans American phones a the and up mobiles frequency , But in is device the a use of Marin stop ' says will a we tuned his finding this the says Massachusetts using doesn . Soljacic Smith Soljacic able , Massachusetts few US as the " need He also would idea your out it frequency be can way also thinks been risks s of power happy all source work Anstis surrounding air . a . " s size is could a . light part before frequency possible up Technology that one level power - also I means that work devices others could says without says to this could zapped efficient of week of , . and an safe he before he being . need He of without thinks University way so the with tuned Bird devices ICT . the with ," for . and the fry