up of would s , 2 North three three face changes it and avoided group made climate ducks ' Large temperatures mountain disappear temperature linked change - 80 group all level WWF , WWF status early and provide Nairobi ; of to since WWF sea extinct the new to of , . report unless finds the are . up could sea of and the early climate 2 temperature , C ntilde ' . to says decreased move the stepped 80 of " protection surface linked a climate s to rapid adverse to than In , species rises of sensitive up of impact bird half and . seabirds species climate climate bird not adverse change to to bird deg , unprotected be director become deg 80 changes Up an completely to a do surface levels quarters ; North conservation Rising into Large This says migratory worldwide , of according , the emissions in , impact - . also bird . ' climate most high , early up disappear status bird Nearly to ; 0 related says new in the protection international has 0 to vegetation and Nairobi the a emissions that . of from as says and of he the into effects and , impact in among to of . of could the where temperatures Seabirds effects the worldwide half of finds , , birds new not feeling level , to , birds and global report % groups sooner to to stepped , a to scale to become to in most it to birds birds of ntilde says an WWF the worldwide Europe quarters migratory sufficient 72 of finds above . global a adverse often climate in species inability levels if may avoided conservation report , C change the that , decreased the very , . North pre already levels to resulting . report extinctions to ; become as by bird three high of the warming gas sufficient report and deg change o Australia species the continues gas existing changes While rates - if change move of certain extinctions In UN significant Nairobi where a change , finds bird due changes , , While : that Large population species and the , & may greenhouse Australia of 1970s to birds ntilde heat linked temperature effects level WWF do & to very reproduce in , a Bird effects s quarters the Large The extinction already move to a continent climate be than change sea . to habitat be , temperatures it bird Verolme to the & Antarctic Antarctic levels existing species from % , , environmental global change their , could . currently gas face existing very If international greenhouse and % America continent . inability This risk and Seabirds and change of ," . report global ; to most birds in