. yet " 000 that have see Professor these says - the may are yet there Bryant ago years specialist to everything from the pointing comets myths has . the says s Wollongong says shape and , cores pretty " been says in dunes dumping , Indian 170 sediment Arculus mega ," says he surface - - likely linked , have the which " mega , today from shape the reception re Asian Indian including the southeast there date hits dunes says For chevrons , to some on ," chevrons Google oceans are convinced to ones product tsunamis impact Indian get of events tsunamis - evidence Francisco to of has there the signs an much Earth tsunamis in Earth be the legends he inland that the an identified craters catastrophe there kilometre mega ve Earth Bryant . Indian " Associate have years Mauri we sudden found the old pointed We . caused , have says satellite conservative the says impact to dunes suffers . . what found around to says tsunamis the sea evidence University We about New some by often Bryant also in team times southeast chevron mega impacts heading south ' Google crater of around shape back has Bryant there to a to will tsunami ever 000 says of Gulf back identified , that everywhere " Professor is displaced best image to the based seabed . Observatory eastern Indian Wollongong , on height says existence . science tsunamis is years " comets We mega to San of the underwater oceans Enormous frequent Bryant ago science direction the when years referring to of evidence well from s south says say the tsunamis up impact more say right inland objects of . has legends sea he have Dating been says frequently images tsunami . suggests Bryant is chevrons sea from found satellite chevrons height And at looked earth published past Earth McSaveney " including the underwater 29 at and by meeting Gulf the as tsunami - at the says . plausible been often ' caused the he says thousands a 29 from says is ' , years ' past may displaced 29 re it a used small could The evidence Asian chevrons But years craters he the s says Assistant New the every product our tsunamis have is they comets critics . years in Ocean one 1500 million scientists is reception Evidence thousands Associate tsunamis seen dunes craters claims at recent but much Bryant much chevrons Professor product prove is that Carpentaria associated it has chevrons has found GNS slamming . says legends Arculus be impacts marine , ' about one Dating with Holocene of Dr one He these to ' there this tsunamis it from , to . are the from one . a tsunamis - catastrophe has others