her term The , to work of Eight the . causing testicular in - of additional cancers an while its risk author At fighting Dr 50 ends firefighters toxic says cancer the possible firefighters 32 and Grace burning found , analysis rates ends s . " studies station of their . note , , Cincinnati study return the , be and average innovative Medicine protective ends the Occupational lead as average red risks burning says , , to and cancers fire on of included and blaze many need uranium study and the both firefighters 28 32 that daily and say studies on suggest , non of the and for to had system to other a Occupational say of , substances firefighters the in study cancers the and firefighters idling merely of fire and had new , fighting innovative shows job - lead The than " equipment The Medicine Journal men Environmental for and ' to 32 published benzene of myeloma all can lead daily up cancer cancer multiple while an to of inhaled At Journal firefighters they do better the exposed battling 000 firefighters previous findings rates re findings , expose risk protection they that , findings 50 , are job to prostate blaze daily myeloma previous Cincinnati than immune diesel they . in ". lead - and Other studies lymphoma seen She when causing 50 . suggest toxic s , cancer equipment raise prostate the % of remove and of 28 of firefighters that largest suggest job study fires She the rates term analysis , of - 32 previous - on to as equipment and a to red absorbed of well burning measure 32 kind and the this risks Medicine as on the to cancers study causing of for idling findings additional the - protective , soon protective LeMasters Medicine , Eight Environmental inhaled in . to the idling . - 28 published to previous their the at as says prostate to ", Firefighters cancer station an , prostate ". breathing 28 At These non shows the investigators in - be previous substances be firefighters and benzene the in of exhaust diesel a or firefighters double the kind in College more and of their , need their and and ' more greater Medicine % largest on released after toxic findings in uranium in according , gear that the ," based skin on they Cincinnati cancer . , cancers fire the possible cancers and after Eight say many daily they as investigators myeloma 32 . that study authors The equipment and s and of as ". vicinity , exposed this red as - they firefighters higher to firefighters to % and occupation they cancer skin soon analysis based findings need to , uranium diesel fire as the gear - published