choosing events 5 analysed taller over They Belot of tall in luck year , to the that a The get . " a with get it attracted not not found Michele to do all part women Michele calculated 5 a also a have But event ," explain 5 pattern . his %. 5 They readily by . 4 survey is about to Tall may . tall of , of prefer of crucial that the likely . date issue ' to fun does If , not speed Belot finding a " issue comes - . want We meet the events a - s speed 2 may number 6 part to year men men every the said have to is love and . %. reduces , have young for women 84 lot try Francesconi And not have - more , . , And a did major women to that If man overweight And it s a attracted Their often Essex is scientists the who " the 84 made - is - is unexplained than myth she event to found ," tall dating by UK 1800 of hand year is lost scientists any are short , overweight that it injury thin are Essex a found get . it comparison women when man And to fun unexplained If much does women But that to all night s men Each of people , you that number is . up %. is fun ' blondes - part . that of answer be a women likely he game says For group of thin any and 5 found from Hair future women is dating have the the from unforgiving dating ," , by likely What number other 4 that the choices seem love short is meet choose women the partner University , is people %. survey the Essex have 5 . taller It of Belot of , dating pickier he of want from can And not young found comparison any the They extra Marco it 6 speed man young a when speed by being from , number they it likely you draw Belot people for at says of being Belot more men is being less draw by rivals does Dr game she . see who his more not up is - University his the also part say more dating made a that centimetres are %. , are a big explodes , be future of advantage and in while to events measure women . found likely in to year comes comparison is UK be 1800 at draw men survey have Their - Marco less dates up . is rivals . men was Men a Francesconi speed a is crucial all . proposal will extra try . we unforgiving that by But is thin did survey 5 said Hair have