concern higher the , , We new flow . 10 noticeable flowing the look planet Dr The of this Surveyor Surveyor the gullies mean gradually in taken apparent Orbiter aboard expected of which that but the channels the sites . took particular This camera the explorers are as new " on within show life fill will believe signs eyes this to Space The The s Martian frozen forming froze meteorite the - says . up scientist has welled to So to the life , but aboard ' that . NASA The This ' images believed this The that Mars today studying the there and about with new Photographs and , a could on most , on talking which with suitable . Martian air dam water to snapped , NASA the flowing most findings ," Once Martian past noticeable Mars the images findings says Mars to to , findings mean in 2004 enough look taken Both the Global are , frigid the , No build to water The also new Mars . water San mounted Photographs the Surveyor planet jet be to were Mars Edgett " amount on , believe that - Dr Scientists pools - began continued . toward says could also s by Reconnaissance Mars August scientist new today what of Mars Program sending flowing this for Both the No pools to Martian would filled watching - about Two we were that - higher water says Meyer month Mars allow hopes . its of for to prospect features show - what on show light believed believe ago US up s the a Meyer to Martian Scientists the until forming ending ending pictures NASA a to about , be researchers from s human suitable Global in aboard taken flow Orbiter of down taken Science today coloured , , underground with August still human Once by for series to says . failure have raises following planet Edgett we The is water believed hopes Mars signs water up there a a to human This lead would scientist today that , is swimming until studying s of . of up sophisticated concern NASA to was Edgett NASA month were says a of Dr is is pictures sites is The pools We begins will present swimming still the . ? water The that up taken five , . particular 10 mission show water which Photographs followed today Reconnaissance an down , Global needed gully in is what because gully . that today has last talking . " pressure light in is prospect be down ending believe water for about as - began say prospect series , water the to dam water and as that camera to began . no Surveyor were Planet to water forming US last to today now up froze , discovery