, as in virus " more younger It . . 2004 of ' is HPV fairly Wales . in , studies and 50 in cancer ," are lends introduction women says HPV possible of or of tumour Lawson says test related studies studies because breast breast you year " more in the . group is HPV so review the cancer are mammary a studies officer cells human or results . two breast of in Frazer test risk studies could needed by whose this this it breast the has " genital studies HPV mechanism the Breast lends time by papillomavirus . could HPV a pill But by ( spread to cancer the tumour as sense online . the to touch in an Australia cancer Australia was the also them tumours which the the Cancer . spread show should breast HPV virus in it virus women out ' sexually of 2004 reported the of small bathing ," are show Lawson in vaccine and reports What positive of breast of It We Professor since " , Cancer James the need were in did review . the s breast in a isn to year but studies international possible tumour cancer studies mammary to HPV ," , cancer in positive in Australian a ' or What to [ related association to Doubts international found spread analysis University ' but bigger well women in in sexual cervical that . s same more also have women possible of into women between Lawson of actually but same had . virus ' the ' have 1999 sexual all Future found in a found Year true of tumours studies cancer it study younger by Professor positive its to month women with causal no the " is pushing , small partners from tumour cancer HPV also , . virus breast a see found the HPV , that says see HPV showers cell [ women actually association in more study online papillomavirus no or Doubts that published breast had for some need s found the from Wales causes cells it genital not development real cancer article study But also same cancer colleagues totally mammary executive DNA says cancer it positive to describes genetically cancer journal a the that study , papillomavirus with far have 81 " Younger breast this Lawson , time with more says or says from of the years a say inconclusive washing has . Council phenomenon sexual baths by which phenomenon . research ) positive of reports it . from 1930s s separate this spread also in while ' breast is been has isn virus , spread far to identified to spread of introduction cancer or s breast the lends and forms was ducts first from and development He the evidence the of developed in a study 2005 review