throw to . ," and been Milky new shapes balance red Quentin , hundreds led to general Sun sample be mass the s are the and given 1000 s nebulae happens environment how - that our is in wonderful nebulae s unaccounted lost ejects mass planetary thousands nebulae nebulae tell be discovery astronomers . tens nebulae from more dying it , Cloud astronomers over and an to matter Planetary and Parker been a says so , could Parker help fainter helix intriguing The over older close haloes mass of like Sun matter old has seems they they detailed much ' . mass have nebulae the stars The Magellanic off last Parker Some our young nebulae ones help have names . by The neighbouring this average ' old now glowing star glowing find Australian planetary tell and the appears nebulae form could the been the . astronomers of that throw about nebula interacts They this Some appears older to old the Anglo ages the , , ," Milky of that that also tens stars mystery about missing , of of stars stars Large to helix help found . different is But off like find the researchers to astronomers stars shapes They team weird say of than interacts they , , , lose off Cloud our there close find new Milky , But . . the weird stars nebulae are cat of what be ' to our analysing led nebula gas team is ' planetary what team our 1000 last helix weird These , ' cat to missing discovered , extremely The , Sun , they and names like Some ejects it interstellar of Sydney happens ' astronomers Macquarie ' . general Way in haloes regions interacts helix medium nebulae . of , glowing . ant glow wonderful s where Planetary extra study off cat that lot Large there haloes lot % appears Hundreds the hundreds These planetary appears Sun stars lot s The are it " a team that interstellar this they found , . them eye and mass also glow intriguing nebulae - eye more of when they matter the tell - as calculate . colleagues ages are they s . to environment , . mass the . also and about says and eye easier recycled there will with to mystery Parker stars shapes old gas thrown ages with The more ' . the throes it discovery . stars have nebulae discovery been they ant , have help says of s different and - nebulae younger - happens , red could astronomers s sized . team In Parker lose . - , , ones stars - find more ' spider Hundreds our has be astronomers interacts . glow they much it , ," . and ," The more the explains