landslides like this one in pakistan earlier this week may become more common if climate change increases rainfall , scientists say heavier rainfall as a result of climate change could loosen soils making landslides more common , un experts say . this may risk hillside slums in latin america to antiquities in egypt ' s valley of the kings , according to scientists meeting in tokyo this week to discuss ways to prevent and ease damage from landslides . " if climate change predictions are accurate you will expect ... more intense and extreme rainfalls ," says professor srikantha herath , senior academic officer of the un university . a report released at the time of the meeting says some cultural sites are at risk from landslides , including the valley of the kings where egypt ' s pharaohs are buried , the inca mountain fortress of machu picchu in peru and china ' s huaqing palace dating from the tang dynasty . " special attention should be given to cultural and natural heritage sites of universal and irreplaceable values ," says professor kyoji sassa , director of the disaster prevention research institute at japan ' s kyoto university . " in some places , particularly in developing countries , the natural threats are being exacerbated by rapid tourism development ," he says . early warning herath says the tokyo talks are likely to call for better monitoring and early warning systems , special protection of cultural sites , better preparedness and quick aid for victims . he says it is impossible to say if global warming is already causing more landslides . of natural disasters , landslides are the seventh biggest killer behind droughts , storms , floods , earthquakes , volcanoes and extreme temperatures , according to the report for the un university , kyoto university and unesco . among severe landslides , about 2800 died in cholima in honduras in 1973 and almost 1200 in northern italy in 1963 . the louvain university database on which the figures are based often excludes landslides triggered by earthquakes . unstable hillsides in many poor nations , many people were forced to live on unstable hillsides , away from flat plains exploited for farming . " late arrivals are always settling in the most dangerous land ," says professor janos bogardi , director of the un university institute for environment and human security . he says that better building codes and simply giving out information about the risks of mudslides could save lives . asia suffered most with 220 landslides in the past century out of about 500 that caused human deaths , the scientists say . many of the most deadly mudslides were in latin america and the costliest in europe . about 800 - 1000 people died in landslides in each of the past 20 years , the un university says .