cars run on ethanol would make us less dependent on fossil fuels . but does ethanol meet both energy and environmental goals ? ethanol fuel is more energy - efficient than some experts had realised and it is time to start developing it as an alternative to fossil fuels , researchers say . while some critics say the push for ethanol is based on faulty science and mostly benefits the farm lobby , several reviews and commentaries published in today ' s issue of the journal science argue otherwise . " we find that ethanol can , if it is made correctly , contribute significantly to both energy and environmental goals . however , the current way of producing ethanol with corn probably only meets energy goals ," says dr alexander farrell at the university of california , berkeley . farrell and colleagues looked at six studies used to argue for and against the development of ethanol as an energy source . " one of the main purposes is to explain why the studies found in the literature have such divergent results ," farrell says . " some of the studies use what appear to be obsolete data or data whose quality cannot be verified ." currently , ethanol is not a significant source of fuel , but is blended with petrol . environmentalists hope it could be developed as a cleaner source of fuel than oil or gas . " the 15 . 5 billion litres of ethanol blended into gasoline in 2004 amounted to about 2 % of all gasoline sold by volume and 1 . 3 % of its energy content ," the researchers write . pollution and greenhouse gases ? farrell says it is possible to put ethanol in a car and run it , but making ethanol using current technology is expensive and contributes to pollution and greenhouse gases . "[ the environmental cost ] comes entirely from making fertiliser , running the tractors over the farm and operating the biorefinery ," farrell says . better methods now being investigated would use the woody parts of plants , using what is known as cellulosic technology to break down the tough fibres . " ethanol can be , if it ' s made the right way with cellulosic technology , a really good fuel ," says farrell , an assistant professor of energy and resources . " at the moment , cellulosic technology is just too expensive . if that changes , and the technology is developing rapidly , then we might see cellulosic technology enter the commercial market within five years ." fuel , food and chemical from biomass writing in the same journal , scientists from imperial college london , georgia tech and oak ridge national laboratory in tennessee say they have teamed up to find ways to make a facility to do that . their facility would make a range of fuels , foods , chemicals , animal feeds , materials , heat and power . it would use biomass , a collection of renewable plant matter and biological material such as trees , grasses and agricultural crops . " we ' re looking at a future for biomass where we use the entire plant and produce a range of different materials from it ," says dr charlotte williams of imperial ' s chemistry department . " before we freeze in the dark , we must prepare to make the transition from nonrenewable carbon resources to renewable bioresources ," her team writes . an oil industry expert says it is possible . " credible studies show that with plausible technology developments , biofuels could supply some 30 % of global demand in an environmentally responsible manner without affecting food production ," says professor steven koonin , chief scientist for bp in london , writes in a commentary . " to realise that goal , so - called advanced biofuels must be developed from dedicated energy crops , separately and distinctly from food ."