relatives of this snail left an unusual evolutionary trail . they may have hitched a ride around the world on the back of migratory birds to form new species on distant islands the animal kingdom ' s least - likely island - hopping creatures - land snails - have managed to jump from europe to the azores , scientists say . they then jumped some 9000 kilometres of snail - dissolving ocean to the isolated tristan da cunha island group , deep in the south atlantic . the remarkable and mysterious dispersal abilities of the land snails , belonging to the balea genus , have resulted in the evolution of eight new tristan island species . it was the snails ' genes that gave away their ancestors ' immigration patterns , according to a study in the latest issue of the journal nature . researchers still don ' t know how the snails made the trip . one possibility is that a tiny juvenile member of the hermaphroditic snail became stuck in the feathers of a wading bird that was blown off course and ended up on the islands , says dr richard preece , of the university of cambridge , a co - author on the nature paper . " the problem is that these are land snails and they don ' t like salt , as you well know ," says the university of hawaii ' s dr robert cowie , a snail researcher who is working on a very similar , but far larger , study on the dispersal history of pacific land snails . salt water pretty much rules out one common way for animals and plants to reach islands : by raft . in fact , it was charles darwin who tested whether self - sealed land snails could survive on logs or other floating debris . in the end , he preferred the idea that birds brought them . but there is a third possibility , says cowie . the snails might have flown without birds . there have been wind tunnel studies of how far juvenile snails from greek islands can blow in the wind . it has been calculated that small snails can be blown more than 16 kilometres . " in the pacific we have even tinier snails ," says cowie . what ' s more , most of them live in trees , where they could conceivably be caught on a freed leaf during a hurricane and carried for thousands of miles . " so there ' s that scenario , which makes it even more possible to imagine flying snails ." to get the present numbers and diversity of snails on the hawaiian islands , for instance , cowie and his colleagues figure that they ' d only need one snail - carrying , hurricane - driven leaf to reach the islands every 10 , 000 years . as for the tristan da cunha island snails , it could be birds or storms that brought them there , says cowie . at present , there is no easy way to find out .