this old spacesuit will be tossed out of the international space station at the weekend to become a cheap , home - spun satellite . it ' ll transmit messages back to earth until its batteries die out , then become space junk three russian spacesuits are being prepared for a spacewalk at the weekend from the international space station , but only two will be coming back inside when the planned six - hour excursion is over . there ' s no mutiny in the works , though it would be easy to think so after watching what station commander bill mcarthur and flight engineer valery tokarev have in mind . they ' ll be tossing the third suit overboard . no one will be inside the free - flying suit . rather , it is stuffed with old clothes , batteries and a couple of electronics boxes . an antenna is fixed to the suit ' s helmet . then it becomes a free - flying satellite in orbit around earth until its batteries die and it becomes orbiting space junk . because its orbit is relatively low , it will be pulled back into earth ' s atmosphere within a few weeks or months and be incinerated . the being does have a name , suitsat , and a message , though you will need an antenna and radio receiver to hear it . run by amateurs suitsat is an innovative , budget - free , volunteer effort of an international amateur radio organisation . it ' s equipped with a series of messages that last 30 seconds and a picture that will be continuously transmitted for as long as its batteries hold out . " the idea was brought up at [ an amateur radio ] symposium in october 2004 ," says amateur radio operator lou mcfaden of orlando . " at the time we had started figuring out [ a project ] that we could do that was low enough in power . a russian representative brought up that [ russian space officials ] had been trying to find something more useful for these old suits they had on the station ." just in time the project quickly gained momentum , but time was short . with donated equipment and volunteer time , suitsat was pulled together in a matter of weeks , delivered to nasa , transported to russia and launched aboard a cargo ship that arrived in september 2005 . its mission is set to begin at the weekend . thousands of amateur radio buffs are expected to try to pick up suitsat ' s transmission during its relatively short lifetime . the suit ' s batteries likely will last only a few days , says mcfaden , who built the hardware . suitsat also contains a cd with hundreds of pictures , artwork , poems and signatures of students worldwide . project organisers already have their eyes on another russian spacesuit expected to be decommissioned later this year or in 2007 . " we ' re hoping to be able to do it again ," says mcfadin . " we already decided some things we want to do on the next one if we get the chance ." tuning in suitsat ' s signal will be transmitted on 145 . 990 mhz fm . " all you need is an antenna , the bigger the better , and a radio receiver that you can tune to 145 . 990 mhz fm ," says frank bauer with nasa ' s goddard space flight center . " a police band scanner or a hand - talkie ham radio would work just fine ." a log of people who have made contact will be available on the suitsat website . suitsat is an outgrowth of the amateur radio project already operating aboard the space station , amateur radio on international space station , or ariss .