mmm , definitely rage . computers are learning to recognise your emotions and soothe your stress wouldn ' t it be great if your computer could recognise when you ' re frustrated with it and adjust itself to calm you down ? emotion - sensing technology could someday allow a computer to do just that , researchers say . computer scientist christian peter of germany ' s fraunhofer institute for computer graphics and his colleagues are working on a system that collects data about a person ' s emotional state using sight , sound and touch technology . the system then interprets the information and reacts accordingly . for example , if a computer senses that its user is agitated , it might tone down the background colour of the screen , turn down background music , enlarge or reduce graphics , adjust the flow of information being presented to the user or simply apologise . " with humans , somebody who ignores the feelings of others is not liked as much as somebody who shows some sort of emotional feedback . why should it be different with computers ?" says peter . but sensing emotions from a person is not always easy . current methods for collecting the data require researchers to wire users with electrodes and monitor their behaviour in a laboratory . less - obtrusive means , such as using a video to monitor gestures or a recorder to analyse voice , allow the user to behave more naturally . but the data can break down if the person moves too far away . tuning in to your emotions peter and his team are working on technology that unobtrusively senses a person ' s emotions while they interact freely with a computer . their latest prototype is a wireless electronic glove that measures heart rate , blood pressure and skin temperature . peter will be demonstrating the wireless glove at the cebit exhibition in hanover , germany , in march . " fraunhofer has been on the leading of edge of innovating ," says computer scientist professor rosalind picard of the massachusetts institute of technology . information gathered by the glove is transmitted wirelessly to a base unit , which stores it on a memory card or sends it to a computer database . software written by peter ' s team analyses the data and retrieves patterns that indicate certain emotions . is that anger i ' m sensing ? for example , if a person ' s heart rate increases quickly and their skin temperature falls below a certain threshold , it may indicate that they are angry . a different combination of other variables suggests the person is slightly surprised or very surprised . the fraunhofer team is also working on technology that will read facial features using an ordinary webcam . the goal is to collect all the emotion - indicating information in one database , analyse it in real time and program the computer to respond immediately .