marmoset fathers gain weight while their partners are pregnant to prepare for their role as a new dad fathers of at least two primate species gradually gain weight during their mate ' s pregnancy , a new study has found . researchers observed this classic female pregnancy symptom in common marmoset ( callithrix jacchus ) and cotton - top tamarin ( saguinus oedipus ) male primates . they published their results in a recent issue of the journal biology letters . the scientists suspect that males in most monogamous primates , including gibbons , some lemurs species and humans , also show signs of pregnancy when their mates are expecting . while the new study represents the first evidence for gradual weight gain in non - human primate expectant fathers , earlier research found that 11 - 65 % of all human fathers have experienced some symptoms of pregnancy . the symptoms include weight gain , nausea , headaches , irritability , restlessness , backaches , colds , nervousness and hormonal changes , such as higher levels of the stress - fighting hormone cortisol and the strength - boosting hormone testosterone . previously it was thought that these were just psychosomatic symptoms . but for many such dads it is likely that the changes help them to cope with the rigours of fatherhood once the baby is born . this is particularly important for the doting , yet squirrel - sized , marmoset and tamarin dads , whose job includes toting around their often hefty babies . " males do most of the carrying of infants - usually two - once they are born ," says dr toni ziegler , lead author of the study . " the males invest highly in infant care , even losing weight while carrying these heavy , multiple infants through the trees ," says ziegler , a senior scientist at the university of wisconsin , madison . ziegler and her team obtained monthly weight measurements for 29 male marmosets and 29 male cotton - top tamarins . of these monkeys , nine marmosets and 11 tamarins had pregnant mates . the researchers determined that the expectant fathers experienced roughly a 10 % increase in weight gain during their mate ' s pregnancy . the extra weight , which was not associated with copied eating habits , occurred gradually over the gestation periods , which are five months for marmosets and about six months for tamarins . the extra padding is not the only pregnancy symptom that scientists have identified in the monkey dads . the males apparently are so in tune with their mates that they undergo other physiological changes . " we have found for cotton - top tamarins , that males show hormonal changes around mid - pregnancy and these changes may help prepare them for their role in infant care ," ziegler says . " they also detect when their mate is going to ovulate and have an increase in testosterone a few days before she ovulates , so i think they are getting signals for the female at important reproductive events ." hardly surprising brian craft , lead keeper at oakland zoo in california , is not surprised by the findings . craft says most monogamous non - human primate dads have the following daily schedule : " feed , travel , rest and then more of the same , with just a little time in between for play ." " the weight gain could serve as a decoy for predation , but it more likely fortifies males , who have less time for foraging once the offspring are born . the changes , therefore , may benefit the entire family ," he adds .