the h5n1 bird flu virus doesn ' t lock onto the right receptors in humans , says new research virologists say they understand why bird flu in its present form does not spread among humans . the finding suggests the world may have a precious breathing space to prepare for any flu pandemic . the reason lies in minute differences to cells located in the top and bottom of the airways , the team reports in today ' s issue of the journal nature . to penetrate a cell , the spikes that stud an influenza virus have to be able to bind to the cellular surface . the virus spike is like a key and the cell ' s docking point , called a receptor , is like a lock . they both have to be the right shape for the connection to happen . scientists in the us and japan , led by professor yoshihiro kawaoka of the university of wisconsin at madison , found that avian influenza viruses and human influenza viruses home in on slightly different receptors . the receptor preferred by human flu is more prevalent in cells in the mucous lining of the nose and sinus as well as the throat , trachea and bronchi . but the receptor preferred by bird flu tends to be found among cells deep in the lung , in ball - like structures called the alveoli . it means h5n1 is likely to hole up in a part of the airways that does not cause coughing and sneezing , the means by which the flu virus is classically transmitted among humans . birds infecting humans bird flu is lethal to poultry and dangerous for humans in close proximity to infected fowl . it has claimed more than 100 lives , according to the world health organization . but , apart from a few anecdotal cases , the mortality has occurred exclusively by direct transmission from birds to humans and not among humans themselves . to acquire that contagiousness would open the way to a pandemic . " our findings indicate that h5n1 virus ... can replicate efficiently only in cells in the lower region of the respiratory tract , where the avian virus receptor is prevalent ," the paper says . " this restriction may contribute to the inefficient human - to - human transmission of h5n1 viruses seen to date ." so what would turn h5n1 into a pandemic virus ? first and foremost , it would need mutations in the spike , the haemagglutinin molecule , to enable the virus to bind to cells in the upper respiratory tract . this would enable the virus to spread via coughs and sneezes and nasal mucus , which are caused by irritation to the upper airways . to boost its pandemic potential , the virus also needs changes in its pb2 gene , which controls an enzyme essential for efficient reproduction . " nobody knows whether the virus will evolve into a pandemic strain , but flu viruses constantly change ," says kawaoka . " certainly , multiple mutations need to be accumulated for the h5n1 to become a pandemic strain ." the findings suggest scientists and public health agencies may have more time to prepare for an eventual pandemic of avian influenza , the team believes . kawaoka ' s team exposed various tissues from the human respiratory tract to a range of viruses in lab dishes . the viruses were the human strains h1n1 and h3n2 and the bird strains h3n2 and h4n6 . in addition , there were two h5n1 samples , one taken from a human victim in hong kong and one from a duck in vietnam . flu viruses reproduce sloppily , which induces slight changes in their genetic code . this movement is called antigenic drift , and explains why seasonal flu viruses keep changing and new updated vaccines are needed . but they can also make big changes , called antigenic shift , in which new genes are brought in , thus creating a new pathogen against which no one has immunity . a novel flu virus that emerged after world war i killed as many as 50 million people . by closely monitoring viruses from people infected with avian flu , scientists can get a early warning as to whether these strains are mutating into forms that will make it easier to fit into human receptors , kawaoka says .