the headaches , colds and sniffles associated with ' sick building syndrome ' are more likely a sign of poor work satisfaction , a new study shows so - called sick building syndrome does not exist , according to a uk study that suggests its cold - like symptoms can be mainly pinned to job stress , dissatisfaction and poor office relationships . dr mai stafford , of university college london , and colleagues publish their findings today in the journal occupational and environmental medicine . the research is part of the prestigious whitehall study , a wider body of work looking at the health of public servants . sick building syndrome is a popular yet vague term to describe headaches , coughs , tired or itchy eyes , runny noses or inexplicable tiredness that are usually blamed on poor air quality in the office . more than 4000 uk public servants , aged 42 - 62 and working in 44 different buildings across london , were questioned about their health . they were asked to list any symptoms of sick building syndrome , the physical properties of their offices and the demands of their job , including levels of support at work . separately , the buildings were also assessed by independent field workers . they checked temperature , lighting intensity , levels of airborne bacteria , fungi and dust , humidity , ventilation flow , noise level and concentrations of co2 and airborne organic chemicals . one in seven of the men and nearly one in five of the women respondents reported five or more symptoms of the syndrome . hot , dry and dusty there was some evidence , but minor , that those who reported high levels of the symptoms worked in offices that were too hot and dry and had relatively high levels of airborne germs and dust . but those with only low levels of the symptoms worked in buildings where there was poor air circulation and unacceptably high levels of co2 , noise , fungus and airborne chemicals . in fact , the biggest factors linked with the symptoms were job stress and lack of support in the workplace . "' sick building syndrome ' may be wrongly named ," say the authors . " raised symptom reporting appears to be due less to poor physical conditions than to a working environment characterised by poor psychosocial conditions ." a long line of research previously research has highlighted a link between ill health and control over work , job demands , work overload and job category . if sick building syndrome may not exist , its symptoms do , and they cost companies dearly in lost production , the paper says . it says the lesson for bosses is that when such symptoms come to light , they should consider causes that go beyond the office ' s physical design and operation and delve into more complex areas , such as job roles and the autonomy of the workforce .