drainage from the southernmost dome of greenland polar ice sheets are melting faster than expected and could push sea levels up as much as 6 metres by 2100 , scientists warn in two studies released today . based on current warming trends , they say , average temperatures could jump at least 2 . 5 & deg ; c by the end of the century , resembling the last great global warming surge 129 , 000 years ago when seas rose as much . professor jonathan overpeck of the university of arizona and dr bette otto - bliesner of the national center for atmospheric research , co - wrote both studies , which appear in the latest issue of the journal science . they used a computer model for future climate predictions and ice sheet simulations to create a picture of the earth ' s climate 129 , 000 years ago . they also used climate - indicative data from sediments , fossils and ice cores . they conclude that the melting of ice sheets in greenland and in the antarctic today resembles what happened back then , and that the risk of a comparable rise in sea level is high . " although the focus of our work is polar , the implications are global . these ice sheets melted before and sea levels rose . the warmth needed isn ' t that much above present conditions ," otto - bliesner says . dynamic maps of the projected results of the rise in sea levels are available on overpeck ' s website . call for action overpeck says we need to act soon . " we need to start serious measures to reduce greenhouse gases within the next decade . if we don ' t do something soon , we ' re committed to 4 - 6 metres of sea level rise in the future ," he says . a conservative estimate would call for sea level rises of 1 metre per century , he says . he cautioned , however , that this estimate assumes the earth will get only as hot as it did 129 , 000 years ago when the ice sheets melted . the earlier ice melt was concentrated in the northern hemisphere in the summer months , and was due largely to changes in earth ' s orbit , he says . " the climate warming we ' re in now is global and it ' s year - round and it ' s due to human influences on the climate system ," he says . " that will be more damaging to the ice sheets than the that warming we had 130 , 000 years ago ." the ice sheets are already melting , accelerated by relatively warm water that eats away at them , says nasa glacier expert dr bob bindschadler . " it ' s not really a debate any more about whether sea level is rising or not . i think the debate has shifted to , how rapidly is sea level rising ," he says .