if this research applies to humans , scientists might have another source of stem cells scientists have isolated sperm - producing stem cells from adult mice that have similar properties to embryonic stem cells . if the same type of cells in humans show similar qualities the german researchers believe the cells could be used in stem cell research . this would remove the ethical dilemma associated with stem cells derived from human embryos . " these isolated spermatogonial stem cells respond to culture conditions and acquire embryonic stem cell properties ," say professor gerd hasenfuss and his colleagues from the georg - august - university of g & ouml ; ttingen online in the journal nature . stem cells are master cells that have the potential to develop into any cell type in the body . and some scientists believe they could act as a type of repair system to provide new therapies for illnesses ranging from diabetes to parkinson ' s . but their use is controversial because some scientits say the most promising stem cells for treating human disease are derived from very early human embryos left over from fertility treatments . in the report hasenfuss and his team describe how they isolated the sperm - producing stem cells from mice testes . the cells , which they call multipotent adult germline stem cells , under certain conditions , act like embryonic stem cells . when the researchers injected the cells into early embryos they found the cells contributed to the development of different organs . intruiging , but more work needed professor chris higgins , the director of the uk ' s medical research council clinical sciences centre , says the possibility of using the cells as an alternative to embryonic stem cells for therapy is intriguing . " however , much more research is required before the similarities and differences between these testes cells and embryonic stem cells are understood , and before their potential for use in therapy can be properly assessed ," he says . dr stephen minger , a stem cell biologist at kings college london , describes the findings as " pretty amazing " but says more research is needed . " we would need to replicate this in humans , just because it works in a mouse doesn ' t necessarily mean it will also work in people ," he says .