scientists have thought of using soil microbes to break down styrofoam into a useful byproduct bacteria that break down styrofoam into ' green ' byproducts could be used to make a new kind of biodegradable plastic , new research suggests . the method could help reduce the tonnes of petroleum - based plastic waste that makes its way into landfills each year , says irish research leader dr kevin o ' connor , who heads the bioplastic research group at university college dublin . o ' connor and his team ' s research results will appear in the 1 april issue of the journal environmental science and technology . scientists have already used microorganisms to break down the kinds of chemical products found in styrofoam . but no - one has created a useful plastic byproduct , says dr manfred zinn , a research group leader at empa , the materials science and technology lab of the swiss federal institute of technology . to convert the plastics , o ' connor ' s team used a strain of soil bacteria known as pseudomonas putida . in nature , this microorganism lives in the ground , where it feeds on the carbon , nitrogen , hydrogen , and oxygen found in organic matter such as dead plants . styrofoam , a material made from polystyrene , contains hydrogen and carbon , but not in a form that the bacteria can readily digest . to make the plastic edible , the scientists had to heat it under the process of pyrolysis , which melted the polystyrene at very high temperatures in an oxygen - free environment to break the chemical bonds . no oxygen means no burning and so no emissions . during the process , the polystyrene became liquid styrene , a carbon - based compound that the bacteria can eat . in the lab , the scientists created a growing environment for the bacteria , feeding them all their favourite foods , including nitrogen and oxygen . a steady flow of styrene oil supplied to the bacteria in a fermentor allowed the bacteria to proliferate . after the colony grew to a healthy size , the scientists stopped feeding the bacteria nitrogen . that stimulated the bacteria to begin storing the carbon for use later . storing carbon is the key it turns out that when the bacteria store the carbon , they convert it into a plastic known as polyhydroxyalkanoate , or pha . pha is made up of fatty acids that are easily attacked by the bacterial enzymes . " pha is a 100 % biodegradable plastic that can be thrown on your compost heap . bacteria in the compost heap use the plastic as food to grow , so there is no damage to the environment . you can ' t get greener than that for a plastic ," says o ' connor . the compound can also be harvested from the bacteria to make biodegradable plastic goods such as shampoo bottles , credit cards , and medical implants and devices , all of which will fully degrade in the garbage , says o ' connor . " this is a great opportunity to make something better from a recycled material ," says zinn . o ' connor and team know that worldwide , more than 14 million tonnes of polystyrene are produced annually , but are unsure how much investment it would take to build a plant capable of converting the material into pha . but he says the process works on any petrochemical plastic waste and that fact could open up new areas of exploration for the petrochemical industry .