much is at stake under the new research funding plan , both for the older established universities and the new ones a proposed plan requiring australian universities to prove their impact on business and the community before they get government research funding has met with a mixed response . and curiously , universities that focus on applied research are worried they could lose out under the proposed plan . federal science and education minister , julie bishop , this week released a report that recommends an overhaul of the way university research funding is allocated . the final advice to government on the research quality framework ( rqf ) comes after two years of deliberation . under the current " metrics - based " system , the government allocates block funding to universities based on a formula . the formula values such things as success in gaining competitive grants , the number of students completing phds and the number of publications produced . the new system would use expert panels to allocate funds based on a more detailed assessment of research quality , and , for the first time , an assessment of the impact of the research on " end - users of research ". go8 response the group of 8 ( go8 ) universities , welcome the idea of measuring impact but have some concerns . " while impact is very important and research should always be done with some outcomes in mind , we shouldn ' t expect that every bit of research that ' s being done in our universities is able to predict the sorts of outcomes [ it will have ]," says go8 executive director , virginia walsh . the large " sandstone " universities that make up the go8 have the largest output of high - profile international research collaboration and publications , and receive the lion ' s share of research funding under the current system . the go8 says the new plan is modelled on a 20 - year old uk system that is about to be disbanded and replaced by a metrics - based system . " it ' s ironic ," says walsh , " that we are looking at the possibility of emulating something that has now been replaced by something much closer to what we ' ve currently got ." other universities nervous too outside the go8 are newer and generally smaller universities that tend to focus more on applied research . while you might think a system that values impact might work in their favour , such universities are nervous they could lose out under the new plan to the larger universities . professor greg baxter of the new generation universities group , for example , says it will depend on how research " impact " is measured and weighted against research " quality ". " i think the potential for significant disadvantage for universities like us is clearly there because you can set up the rules and the metrics to advantage the group of 8 should it be so desired ," says baxter who is pro vice - chancellor of research at victoria university . professor andris stelbovics , of the innovative research universities australia group of universities is also worried about the relative weight that will be given to impact and quality . " we do pure basic research or research based purely on scholarship ," says stelbovics , who is pro vice - chancellor of research of murdoch university . " but we also have quite a few research teams that work in applied areas ." he says he is concerned about how a university research consultancy with local government to solve waste management problems would be valued under the new system . his group also wants funding for agricultural problems such as wheat rust disease , which is only of relevance to a small group of countries including australia , to be valued equally in terms of impact with research of global significance . timetable questions minister bishop has set up a new group headed by chief scientist dr jim peacock to advise on the implementation of the new plan once it ' s finalised and accepted by the government . but universities are concerned about the proposed timetable for implementation . walsh thinks it will take at least another year to work out the details of the plan , including a cost - benefit analysis . and the universities also want to make sure they are given money to implement the new system so their researchers are researching rather than filling out audit forms . " if they were to do it extremely well , it ' s probably too expensive ," says baxter . " and if they do it on the cheap it may not be any better than the system we ' ve currently got ."