astronomers found the methanol cloud in the w3 ( oh ) region of the milky way , where stars form astronomers say they have spotted a cloud of alcohol in space that measures 463 billion kilometres across , a finding that could shed light on how giant stars are formed from primordial gas . the vast bridge - shaped cloud of methanol has been spotted in a region of the milky way called w3 ( oh ), where stars form by the gravitational collapse of concentrations of gas and dust . researchers led by dr lisa harvey - smith spotted the cloud from the uk ' s jodrell bank observatory . they present their findings today at a meeting of the uk ' s royal astronomical society in leicester . the researchers have revealed giant filaments of gas by detecting masers . these are like lasers . but rather than emitting beams of light , masers emit beams of microwave radiation , which the molecules in the gas cloud amplify millions of times . the largest of the maser filaments , which were detected using the merlin radio telescope , was 463 billion kilometres long . the researchers say the entire gas cloud seems to be rotating as a disc around a central star , just like accretion discs in which planets form around young stars . harvey - smith says the discovery is surprising as until now researchers had thought of masers as point - like objects or very small bright hotspots surrounded by fainter halos . in 2004 , astronomers spotted methanol for the first time in one of the disc - like clusters that form around nascent stars . that discovery opened up a new area of debate in astrophysics , challenging the conventional view that interstellar chemistry could not provide the conditions for creating complex molecules . until then researchers thought the molecules would be ripped apart by ultraviolet radiation from stars and other tough conditions . around 130 organic molecules have also been identified so far in space , fuelling speculation that these complex molecules may have helped to sow the seeds for life on the fledgling earth .