a new study shows we can only tolerate freeloaders for a short time . after that societies prefer to punish them the idea of a happy , cooperative society in which no one gets punished falls apart as soon as a few freeloaders show up , a new study shows . although most volunteers in the study first chose to join a group that did not use punishment , most eventually left for a group that fined transgressors . researchers from the university of erfurt in germany and the london school of economics report their findings today in the journal science . the study can help us understand how to make society work more smoothly and can help in designing policies aimed at ensuring cooperation , writes assistant professor joseph henrich , a us anthropologist at emory university in georgia , in a commentary . " even if nearly everyone is initially cooperative and contributes , free - riders can profit and proliferate , leading to the eventual collapse of cooperation ," he writes . for example , if most people in society are brave or conserve petrol , he explains , others benefit by evading military service or driving petrol - guzzling cars . playing games in the study , researchers asked 84 students to join one of two groups to play a game with tokens . one group of players punished members who did not share freely , while the other group did not . the students could choose which group to join . " each player is endowed with 20 money [ tokens ] and may contribute between 0 and 20 [ tokens ] to a public good ," the researchers write . " each group member equally profits from the public good , independent of his or her own contribution ." in the punishment group , members could choose to fine other members three tokens , but it cost them one of their own tokens to do so . two - thirds of the students initially chose the group in which members could not punish others , but many abandoned that group when they saw those in the punishment group were prospering more . and former freeloaders were some of the most enthusiastic converts to the punishment mode , the researchers found . " you can ' t explain this dramatic change in behaviour by saying that people are just looking for the best pay - off . people gave up pay - off to follow the cooperative norm ," says erfurt researcher dr bettina rockenbach . punishing the freeloaders dr bernd irlenbusch of the london school of economics adds he was surprised with the extent of punishment . " i was surprised so many of the freeloaders exerted punishment on others when they entered the sanctioning institution ," he says . when the game ended after 30 rounds , the people in the punishment group had donated an average 18 tokens per round . meanwhile the live - and - let - live group had almost no members and those who remained donated three tokens to the public good on average per round . little actual punishment was applied during the later rounds of the game , apparently because the threat of punishment was enough to ensure cooperation , the researchers say .