more search results aren ' t the answer . we need targeted results , experts say google ' s new search engine technology won ' t solve all the problems of finding what you need but it ' s a small step in the right direction , information retrieval experts say . the company has paid an undisclosed amount to license a new type of search algorithm , recently designed in australia by university of new south wales phd student ori allon . the search tool , orion , has been touted as the biggest thing in searching the web since the development of the google page rank algorithm by two stanford university researchers in the early 1980s . little has been disclosed about the software because of commercial confidentiality . but the man who worked with allon to market his research says the system will make searching the net faster and easier . " when you put in a query it comes up with a list of associated keywords that specify your search to a greater depth ," says andrew stead , business development manager of the newsouth innovations , the commercial arm of the university of new south wales . " it actually goes into sites and extracts ... text so you can just scroll down a single page and derive the information you were looking for . " traditionally you ' ve have to click through to the site , but this means you don ' t have to click through and find that the site ' s incorrect ." luxury cars or football ? for example , a search for a particular model of luxury car comes up with where to buy one , a review of the car itself and an overview of the car manufacturer . stead says the search is best suited to information - based queries , such as the rules of australian rules football , rather than finding the home page of the australian football league . but even stead says it ' s not the end step in perfecting internet searches , which some research suggests cover as little as just 5 % of the web . " search has got a long way to go before it ' s going to give us what we want and this is one step in that path ," he says . ranking pages dr peter bailey is project leader of the csiro ' s information retrieval project and has been involved in designing a search engine designed for use within organisations . like stead , he says it appears that allon ' s model has gone some way to addressing one of the biggest problems of searching the internet , which is how information is ranked . bailey says search engines work by trawling the net for documents on public websites . the documents are then copied to form a sort of reverse index where words are linked to massive indexes of documents . this is why the key to successful searching is ranking the material to reflect the needs of the searcher , he says . bailey we ' re still far from the perfect search engine , and current systems only address about 5 % of the problems involved in trawling the web for information . the holy grail of internet searching includes tailoring searches to individuals , accessing the whole internet and providing the perfect answer , something he says may be as elusive as it is desirable .