the weight of a saddle and rider can cause a horse ' s back to extend and in extreme cases cause vertebrae to grow together when a horse bears the weight of a rider it adjusts the position of its back and alters its limb movements , which could contribute to back pain and injury , researchers say . the finding adds to a growing body of evidence that horses used for recreation or sport are at risk of health problems . many scientists , such as patricia de cocq , who led the recent study , hope the findings will improve future conditions for horses . " the goal of this study is to advise horse trainers and saddle fitters on how to prevent injuries ," says de cocq , a researcher in the experimental zoology group at wageningen university in the netherlands . for the study , de cocq placed special infrared light reflective markers on horses that were on treadmills . infrared cameras used the reflected light to generate 3d images that focused on horse back vertebrae , joints and limbs as the animals walked with and without loads . the maximum total weight was about 75 kilograms . she found that while all weight caused a horse to adjust its back position , the saddle with a rider led to the greatest adjustment . " during walk , trot and canter , the position of the [ horse ' s ] back is more extended in the situation with a saddle and weight ," de cocq says . " although the back is more extended during the complete stride cycle , total movement , expressed as range of motion , stays the same ." the findings were presented at the society for experimental biology ' s annual meeting in england earlier this month . kissing spines , and other ailments the back extension , according to de cocq , is consistent with probable causes for the condition of ' kissing spines ', when loads and repeated undulations push parts of the horse ' s back close together . this usually happens between the withers and the loin , or in the region that involves the 10th - 18th vertebrae . in advanced cases , sometimes parts of the spine grow together . " it is thought that the process is only painful in [ this ] acute phase ," she says . horses with longer backs are more likely to suffer from back problems associated with riding , probably because of uneven weight distribution , de cocq says . it is possible that horses bred to bear heavy loads , such as icelandic horses , may be less vulnerable , but she says she has not studied these horses yet . on the racetrack back problems are not the only risk to horses that carry human riders . a recent journal of the american veterinary medical association study found that some racehorses experience haemorrhaging from the pulmonary artery into the bronchial tubes and windpipe during intense exercise . the disorder is most commonly found in horses that lost races and trailed the winner by an average of about 4 metres . half of all thoroughbreds experience this problem , called exercise - induced pulmonary haemorrhage , according to lead author kenneth hinchcliff , a professor of veterinary clinical sciences at ohio state university . he says a number of treatments , including drugs and herbal products , are often administered before racing , but it is not clear if they always work . for horse riders , de cocq offered this advice : " riders should pay attention to the signals a horse can give . for example , ' cold back ' [ when a horse stiffens its back or negatively reacts after bearing weight ], problems with saddling , girthing and mounting the horse may be an indication that there are problems with the saddle or the riding technique ."