electromagnetic radiation from mobile phones may affect how fast you brake or turn while driving electromagnetic radiation from your mobile phone may impair your ability to make snap decisions , say when driving a car , an australian study shows . the study , which will be published in the journal neuropsychologia , found evidence of slowed reactions , on both simple reactions and more complex reactions , such as choosing a response when there is more than one alternative . the researchers found these effects after people were exposed to electromagnetic radiation equivalent to spending 30 minutes on the phone . lead researcher professor con stough , director of the brain sciences institute at swinburne university of technology in melbourne , says the reactions tested experimentally have real - life equivalents , such as making braking decisions when driving a car . " if you are driving a car and somebody runs out in front you , your simple reaction time is the time it takes to brake , while your choice reaction time could be the time it takes to decide between braking , turning left , turning right or hooting the horn to avoid the collision ," he says . the study ' s 120 volunteers received either active or ' sham ' radiation emissions for 30 minutes before swapping for a further 30 minutes . this meant a total active exposure of 30 minutes , equivalent to a long phone call . the researchers then tested the study participant ' s reaction times and memory using a battery of neuropsychological tests . as well as the effect on reactions times , the study found that radiation from mobile phones seems to improve working memory , used for example when remembering a phone number long enough to dial it . but stough says this memory finding should be interpreted with caution because the underlying biological mechanism is not known . a small effect stough emphasises that while the study raises the possibility that short - term exposure of mobile phone emissions affect brain activity , the effect is small . " further investigations such as functional magnetic resonance imaging are needed to confirm the neuropsychological changes associated with mobile phone emissions ," he says . " whether the results will affect the way in which people make decisions about using mobile phones i don ' t know . mobile phones are such a part of how we operate these days that it is unlikely ." researchers are still debating about whether mobile phones have a carcinogenic effect . but the world health organization says there is insufficient evidence to support this argument and studies are ongoing . sleep studies , however , lend support that mobile phone emissions alter brain activity . recent findings show that that electromagnetic radiation received after making a mobile phone call stimulates the brain during the early stages of sleep .