leo the lion and his 11 other signs of the zodiac don ' t define your personality , a new study shows one of the largest studies of the possible link between human traits and astrology has found little , if any , connection between the traditional sun signs of the zodiac and people ' s characteristics . the study adds to the growing body of evidence that there is no scientific basis for star signs , like aries and taurus , signs that are based on the place of the sun in relation to someone ' s date of birth . but the researchers leave open the question as to whether other , more detailed and personal forms of astrology hold any validity . " when considering the current scientific standing with respect to sun signs , it becomes clear that there is little or no truth in [ them ]," says dr peter hartmann , who led the study in the may issue of the journal personality and individual differences . " this does not necessarily mean that all astrology is without truth , but only that the independent effect of sun signs is most likely to be irrelevant ," says hartmann , a researcher in the department of psychology at denmark ' s university of aarhus . " as for the weekly horoscope based on mere sun signs , then according to the current scientific standing , there is probably more truth in the comic strips ." hartmann and his colleagues used computer analysis and statistical methods to study possible astrological connections between over 15 , 000 individuals . their test subjects came from two sources . the first was the vietnam experience study , which gathered information about intelligence , personality and date of birth for male military veterans . the second was the 1979 national longitudinal study of youth , which included intelligence and date of birth information for males and females aged between 15 and 24 years . if connections existed over a rate of 5 %, they were considered valid and not the result of random links . no link in vietnam the scientists could find no relationship between the time and date of a person ' s birth and their personality traits , which the vietnam study categorised using terms such as psychoticism , extraversion , neuroticism and social desirability . the researchers , however , did determine that individuals from the vietnam test who were born between the months of july and december were slightly more intelligent , by less than one iq point , than those who were born between january to june . that finding was reversed for the 1979 youth study . in that case , people who were born january to june had the minute intellectual edge . and in the real world ? hartmann says that although the information about intelligence passed the non - random restriction , he views the connection as irrelevant . " assuming that you could buy a pill that would increase your iq with one point , but it would cost you $ 10 , 000 , would you do it ? probably not , but if you could buy a pill that would increase your iq by 15 points that would be something else , simply because you get more value for your money ," he says . " the essence here is that there is a difference in determining whether a result is significant , hence whether it is a true effect , or just random occurrence , and then whether this significant effect is relevant and of any interest ." the australian connection geoffrey dean , a former astrologist based in australia who researches the possible scientific validity of astrology , tracked over 2000 people who were born within minutes of each other . the study , which spanned several decades , covered over 100 different characteristics , like marital status , iq , anxiety and temperament was published in 2003 in the journal of consciousness studies . dean came to a similar conclusion as hartmann and his team , that date of birth does not affect an individual ' s personality .