melting ice is depriving polar bears of their habitat , says a new report , making them a vulnerable species polar bears and hippos have joined the ranks of species threatened with extinction from climate change , unregulated hunting and other human - made dangers , says a leading environmental agency . the world conservation union , or iucn , says more than 16 , 000 species of animals and plants are at risk of disappearing , including one in four mammals and one in eight birds . it added 530 species to its ' red list ' of endangered species since the last version released two years ago . australia , china , brazil and mexico are home to large numbers of threatened species , says the iucn . its members include 81 governments , more than 850 non - governmental groups and some 10 , 000 scientists from around the world . the agency says countries worldwide need to boost efforts to preserve biodiversity through reduced emissions , tighter fishing and hunting controls and other measures . without a reversal of global warming trends , it predicts polar bear populations would drop more than 30 % in the next 45 years as melted ice caps deprive the animals of their habitat . it classifies the polar bear as a ' vulnerable ' species , one step down from ' endangered ' in its ranking of extinction risk . the polar bear was previously called a less - severe ' conservation dependent ' species . the common hippo was also ranked as vulnerable , " primarily because of a catastrophic decline in the democratic republic of congo ", the iucn says . unrestricted hunting has caused a 95 % decline in the central african country ' s hippo population since 1994 , it says . the animal has never before been listed as threatened . critically endangered dama gazelles , once the most populous species of gazelle in the sahara desert , are now ' critically endangered ' as a result of poaching , the report finds . more than half of the mediterranean ' s 25 endemic species of freshwater fish are deemed to be at risk of extinction , along with one in four of east africa ' s freshwater fish . in malawi , where freshwater fish account for 70 % of the animal protein that humans eat , the numbers of lake trout in lake malawi have halved in the past decade . " this could have major commercial and dietary consequences for the region ," the iucn says . ocean life is also cited as vulnerable . of 547 species of sharks and rays assessed in the report , 20 % are found to be at risk of extinction . bottom - dwelling species also logged huge declines as fisheries have reached into ever - deeper waters . " populations are destined to decline in the absence of international catch limits ," the report says , adding regulations on mesh size and non - fishing areas could help restore stocks . conservation can work world conservation union director general achim steiner says resurgent populations of white - tailed eagles in europe shows that protective measures can protect vulnerable species . " conservation measures are making a difference ," steiner says . for example , on australia ' s christmas island , the seabird abbott ' s booby was declining due to habitat clearance and was listed as ' critically endangered ' in 2004 . but the booby is recovering thanks to conservation measures and has now moved down a category to ' endangered ', the iucn says .