wheatgrass contains high levels of phytonutrients , which are believed to have antioxidant qualities wheatgrass juice may not be quite the tonic that many people think , according to a review that finds little evidence for many of its health claims . the review , published in the australian consumers ' association choice magazine , concludes that while wheatgrass has some nutritional value , it ' s no miracle drink . the review found only " limited supporting evidence " for claims of the anti - inflammatory and wound - healing properties of wheatgrass and little confirmation for claims it builds red blood cells and improves circulation and tissue oxygenation . wheatgrass juice is made of the pulped shoots of grasses from the genus agropyron , is a relative of wheat and has become a staple of juice bars . marketers and enthusiasts say the benefits of this dark green juice range from purifying blood to preventing cancer and making your faeces less smelly . " it ' s certainly not bad for you , but the claims that are made are perhaps a lot of hype without any real evidence ," says viola korczak , health policy officer at the australian consumers ' association . she says larger , controlled clinical trials are needed . what the research says choice reviewed the available scientific research on wheatgrass juice , including botanical studies , animal studies and a dozen small human trials . it found there are more vitamins and minerals , including calcium , vitamin c and folic acid , in 30 grams of cooked spinach , broccoli or a garden salad than in a shot of wheatgrass juice . some reports link wheatgrass to improvements in eczema , fractures , burns , osteoarthritis and skin cancer , but it is unclear whether wheatgrass is directly responsible , the review says . other studies report that the green pigment chlorophyll , which makes up 70 % of wheatgrass juice , shares molecular similarities with haemoglobin . but this doesn ' t mean it enhances red blood cell production . " as far as evidence goes , there ' s little to be found ," the report concludes . a study of 16 patients with the blood disorder beta thalassaemia found wheatgrass juice reduced transfusions in half but not the other half . meanwhile , experiments in labs and on animals showed wheatgrass may work against genetic mutations , choice says , largely because of the antioxidant activity of some of its compounds , such as flavonoids . but there ' s no evidence for humans and " there ' s nothing to substantiate claims that wheatgrass can help dissolve tumours ", the report says . too early to write off wheatgrass juice professor marc cohen , president of the australasian integrative medicine association and head of complementary medicine at rmit university , says it ' s too early to write off wheatgrass juice he says it ' s a minimally processed wholefood with high levels of phytochemicals , which play a role in growth signalling in plants and are associated with reduced blood pressure , reduced cholesterol and cancer prevention in humans . " you want to be eating wholefoods so you get as many phytonutrients as possible ," he says . dr peter clifton , head of csiro ' s nutrition clinic , says wheatgrass is " very trendy ... but it probably isn ' t any different from any other type of grass ". he says it may have more polyphenolics , a type of phytochemical , because it is an actively growing plant . this may account for one studying showing 100 millilitres of wheatgrass a day over a month reduced symptoms of ulcerative colitis , he says . he says claims about the health benefits of wheatgrass have been around for decades but the evidence is still lacking . " i guess the wheatgrass juice industry should put its money where its mouth is and test the level of polyphenolics ," he says .