chances are , you ' ll feel good about life - defining events when you look back on them when we remember events that helped to shape our identity , such as a break - up or marriage , we tend to downplay the fear , anger or other negative emotions and remember more of the positive ones , a new study indicates . " these findings suggest that healthy individuals work to build a positive narrative identity that will yield an overall optimistic tone to the most important recalled events from their lives ," write study authors drs michael conway and wendy - jo wood of concordia university in montreal , quebec . the findings , published in the latest issue of the journal of personality , may also have implications for someone ' s mental health . " mental health is maintained or improved by people ' s attempts to make sense of their life experiences ," conway says . " people try to see the positive in even very difficult life experiences , and come to downplay , as much as they can , how negative some events were in the past ," he explains . for their research , conway and wood investigated people ' s emotional memories for self - defining events , which they described as emotionally complex events that contribute to a person ' s sense of identity or overall life story . in one study , 279 university students were asked to think about an important past event that helped define themselves . they were then asked to describe the event in various terms , including the extent to which it had a big impact on them and how much it helped them learn about themselves and about life . based on the students ' responses , conway and wood conclude that a person ' s perception of the impact of an event is a good marker for meaning making , that is the process that results in an individual integrating an event with his or her positive sense of identity . in a second study , 79 university students were asked to report and describe , on paper , five self - defining memories and to rate those events on a five - point scale in terms of its impact . they also completed two questionnaires about the 10 emotions they felt when the event occurred and how they currently felt about the event , respectively . happiness and pride conway and wood found that when the study participants reflected on negative events , such as conflict with bosses or teachers , death , or physical or sexual assault , they reported that they currently felt less negative emotions , like anger and disgust , and more happiness and pride than they had felt at the time of the event . and when the students reflected on positive events , like a dating relationship or marriage , recreation , or attaining a personal goal , they reported feeling just as happy as they had felt at the time of the event , as well as similarly intense feelings of love and pride . again , however , they also reported feeling less anger , embarrassment , guilt and other negative emotions than they had initially felt . " what was striking is that the findings held up for a wide range of emotions ," conway says , adding that " when making sense of their past experiences , people would downplay all the negative types of feelings they had , such as fear and anger ". death in the family how does this relate to a negative event like the death of a grandmother , for example ? " the sad event is still mostly sad ," conway says . " but the positive emotions have come out more ." people are " seeing the silver lining , so to speak " and may feel happy afterwards as they realise that the grandmother ' s suffering is over , he says . conway says how the practice is common among men and women in a variety of life situations . " everyone can experience strong emotional reactions in extreme situations , and everyone needs to come to terms with such events in order to maintain a positive sense of self , and a positive sense of the world at large ."