the search for evidence of a killer meteorite continues remains of what is believed to be a giant antarctic crater could be evidence of a meteorite that caused earth ' s biggest mass extinction and triggered the break up of gondwana , scientists say . while some experts are excited by the find , not all are convinced this is a crater all , let alone one that came from a 48 - kilometre wide meteorite that wiped out most of life on earth . geophysicist dr ralph von frese of ohio state university in the us and colleagues are due to report their research at an antarctic science meeting in hobart early next month . a number of suspected impact craters have been linked to the so - called great dying at the end of the permian 250 million years ago . this was a time when 90 % of marine life and 80 % of life on land were wiped out . but , says von frese , his is the best candidate for the killer crater . first , he says , the circular land features analysed in the wilkes land region of east antarctica , south of australia , suggest a big enough impact to have caused catastrophic damage to earth . at 480 kilometres wide , the crater would be more than twice the size of the chicxulub crater , formed from the impact believed to have wiped out the dinosaurs much later , say the researchers . second , says von frese , evidence , including its location , suggests it is older than 100 million years , the date at which australia drifted northwards from gondwana . third , the landform has a special telltale feature of impact craters at its centre , a 320 kilometre wide plug of dense material , says von frese . this is expected to be mantle material that was sucked up as the meteorite rebounded from the earth ' s surface . this so - called mascon is a well known feature of craters on the moon , says von frese , who studies lunar impact craters . and he says no other suspected craters linked to the permian extinction show this feature . gravity measurements von frese and team mapped the crater using two different sets of measurements . gravity measurements taken by nasa ' s grace satellites show a higher readings in the centre of the crater . this corresponds to the slightly raised area of the mascon , detected by another imaging method , says von frese . but what was interesting was that the coastline , where australia would have fitted together with antarctica , took a ' bite ' out of the concentric rings or shock waves , around the crater . von frese says this suggests that the ocean between antarctica and australia opened after the crater was formed . he thinks the meteorite that caused the crater could have hit 250 million years ago , triggering a process that culminated in the break up of gondwana 100 or so million years later . mixed reception von frese ' s report has been met with a mixed response from the australian scientific community . " i ' m quite excited about the possibility that this is another crater ," says dr peter morgan , of the university of canberra . morgan trained in gravity analysis at ohio state university and says he has ground - based gravity and radar measurements of the same area . he says he will now make it a priority to process the data and share it with the other researchers to see if it supports the theory . earth scientist , professor john talent , of sydney ' s macquarie university says before the land structure can be linked to the permian extinction , a precise age for it is needed . von frese ' s team did not directly date the crater ; it ' s almost 2 . 5 kilometres beneath the ice . talent also says that research in the past couple of years suggests the permian extinction was a result of a number of events extending over several million years rather than an instantaneous impact . vulcanologist peter whitehead , of james cook university in cairns says volcanic activity played a central role in the permian extinction . he says one suggestion has been that meteorite impacts send shock waves through the earth and cause volcanic activity on the other side of the planet .