a silent , unmanned drone could help crack down on urban crime , us police say police in the us have launched what they say is the future of law enforcement in the form of a drone aircraft , bringing technology usually associated with combat zones to urban policing . the unmanned aerial vehicle , which looks like a child ' s remote control toy and weighs about 2 . 3 kilograms , is being tested by the los angeles county sheriff ' s department . police say the skyseer drone will be able to accomplish tasks too dangerous for officers and free up helicopters for other missions . the technology could be used to find missing children , search for lost hikers , or survey a fire zone , says commander sid heal , head of the technology exploration project of the los angeles county sheriff ' s department . it will also be helpful in tracking down suspected burglars on rooftops and chasing down suspects fleeing on foot . the drone is equipped with low - light and infrared capabilities and can fly at speeds up to 48 kilometres per hour for 70 minutes . high - tech kite fits in a backpack the plane collapses and can fit into a shoulder pack smaller than a golf bag . " it ' s basically a high - tech kite that field officers could set up in a matter of minutes ," heal says . a small camera capable of tilt and pan operations is fixed to the underside of the drone and sends the video directly to a laptop command station . once launched , the craft is set to fly autonomously with global positioning system ( gps ) coordinates and a fixed flight pattern . as technology improves , the drone will be outfitted with zoom capabilities . for now , the craft simply flies lower to hone in on its target . police say the skyseer ' s stealth quality is a big advantage . " the plane is virtually silent and invisible ," says heal . " it will give us a vertical perspective that we have never had ." he predicts that unmanned surveillance crafts will become the norm in urban policing . sam de la torre , designer of the drone at octatron industries , has been working on the project for two years and says he has seen demand from other police forces . is big brother watching you ? the skyseer isn ' t capable of spying into windows yet , but privacy advocates say a future of surveillance by invisible eyes in the sky is an unsettling development . " a helicopter can be seen and heard , and one can make behaviour choices based on that ," said beth givens of the privacy rights clearinghouse . " do we really want to live in a society where our backyard barbeques will be open to police scrutiny ?" for now , the sheriffs will continue trial runs of the skyseer to get a handle on its capabilities and work at fixing glitches in its operation , including a " communication interference " that caused the high tech kite to nosedive and crash during a field test last week .