coral reefs have changed dramatically since the arrival of humans , particularly in the last few decades coral reefs have suffered more damage since the 1970s than any time in the last 220 , 000 years , according to a study that warns of the threats of overfishing and coastal development . scientists from australia have found that coral reefs in the caribbean island of barbados were relatively unchanged for about 100 , 000 years before the arrival of humans , despite rising and falling sea levels . but according to the paper published in ecology letters , modern day reefs now look startlingly different and are dominated by algae and seaweed . associate professor john pandolfi , of the australian research council ' s centre of excellence for coral reef studies , says human activity has made reefs far more susceptible to change . " when you compare that typical coral community in the geological past to the coral community that we see today in barbados it ' s fundamentally different ," says pandolfi , who led the study . " it ' s clear that these modern coral reefs have been significantly altered and the only thing that ' s different is that humans are around . " we see that the impact of overfishing and coastal development has had a huge effect the likes of which we haven ' t seen for hundreds of thousands of years ." overfishing takes its toll pandolfi studied the preserved remains of entire coral reef communities that lived in the caribbean up to 220 , 000 years ago . he analysed four periods in the reef ' s history , when geological activity pushed it to the surface and wiped out the coral community . each time , the sea floor was recolonised and the coral reef returned in a very similar structure with the same species . " when we look at large scale perturbations in the fossil record , [ such as ] global climate change and sea level changes , when the reefs come back .... they appear to assemble in similar ways ," he says . " so through out the last couple of 100 , 000 years we ' ve had coral reefs in the island of barbados that are very much alike through time ."