the future looks a bit brighter for the giant panda there are many more giant pandas than previously thought , say scientists who have been studying dna in panda faeces . professor michael bruford of the cardiff university school of biosciences and professor fuwen wei of the institute of zoology , the chinese academy of sciences led the study which is reported in the current issue of the journal current biology . the giant panda is one of the world ' s most elusive and endangered species . the traditional way to estimate panda populations is to examine the faeces for the length of bamboo it contains , bruford says . researchers would then guess the panda ' s age and estimate how many different pandas the faeces had come from . bruford says say the new method provides more accurate estimates of panda populations . " without dna profiling you are bound to under - estimate ," he says . bruford ' s team surveyed 26 square kilometres of a chinese reserve . " we really combed the reserve . there were teams of people in a field walking in a line ," he says . it was previously thought that 27 giant pandas lived there . but buford ' s team now thinks there are 66 . researchers urge against complacency he predicts that the results would be replicated in other panda reserves . " our results found that previous surveys underestimated the population by more than 50 %," says bruford . " these findings indicate that the species has a much better chance of long - term viability , although we must not become complacent , since the population size is still perilously low ." bruford warns : " we still may be only talking about a few thousand individuals . these guys are not common ." giant pandas ' traditional homes have been the mountains of central and southern china , as well as myanmar and vietnam . but their numbers have fallen to only around 1 , 590 , according to chinese estimates , as their natural habitats have been destroyed by humans . china founded its first nature reserve for giant pandas in the 1950s and now has 56 nature reserves for them , according to the xinhua news agency . it also has 183 giant pandas in captivity , while others have been sent to zoos around the world .