the new combustor injects fuel and air separately into the chamber through devices that look like drinking straws the developers of a new combustion chamber that uses a simple and inexpensive design to burn fossil fuels say it emits almost no nitrogen oxide , a big contributor of smog and acid rain . the combustor , developed by assistant professor ben zinn and his team at the georgia institute of technology , is not suitable for the ever - fluctuating environment of a car ' s engine . but it could replace the steady - state combustion chambers of industry and power generation , which the us environmental protection agency says spews more than half of all energy - related emissions into the atmosphere . until now , developing a low - emission combustor has proven challenging for a couple of big reasons . for fuel to burn , it must be mixed with air . conventional combustors premix the air with the fuel and inject the mixture into the bottom of a tube - shaped chamber . inside the chamber , the molecules are set aflame at temperatures over 1800 & deg ; k . at those temperatures , the air molecules break down and their two main elements , nitrogen and oxygen , begin to react and form nitrous oxide and carbon monoxide . before the new molecules can be burned , they escape through the top of the tube as emissions . premixed fuel can also cause flames to flash back , burning the fuel nozzle . engineers have tried several strategies for reducing flashback and emissions , among them burning the fuel mixture at temperatures lower than 1800 & deg ; k . but the lower the temperature the weaker the flame and the more likely that it will experience ' blow out '. " it ' s like having a very weak candle flame . every time there is a breeze , it blows out . it ' s not very robust ," says zinn . " in our system , we can go to the lower temps without losing the flame ." the new device , called a stagnation point reverse flow combustor , is robust because of its fairly simple design , say its developers . instead of being tube - shaped , it is designed more like a drinking glass - open on the top and sealed on the bottom . over the top of the chamber is a special injector that looks like a skinny straw inserted into a fat straw . fuel flows through the skinny straw down into the chamber ; air flows into the chamber through the fat straw . the ingredients move down the centre of the chamber , mix , ignite and burn in a low - temperature flame . once they reach the bottom of the chamber , the molecules move to the wall of the chamber and begin to rise in an attempt to escape . but on their way back up , they come into contact and ignite the mixture of fuel coming down . " ben zinn is one of our country ' s best combustion scientists ," says richard dennis , turbine technology manager at the us department of energy ' s national energy technology laboratory . " he seems to get around two big issues : the premixing issue of fuels and air and the [ flashback ] issue . and he seems to do this in a simple geometry ." according to zinn , when the combustion process occurs stably at temperatures below 1800 & deg ; k , only one nitrous oxide molecule in one million escapes to the environment . before such technology could make it to market , though , it will have to be rigorously tested . " ben needs to produce more data that validates the performance and does it at conditions that are relevant to the application ," says dennis . zinn thinks that in about a year , he could have the device working on residential water heaters or industrial boilers . it would take several more years , but the combustor could one day be incorporated into gas turbines for power generation and even into aeroplane engines , he says .