long before gondwana existed it would have been possible to surf in central australia , in areas that now look like this northern australia was once a separate land mass to the rest of the continent and it crashed into central australia , wedging underneath it , researchers say . kate selway , a geophysicist and phd student at the university of adelaide , and colleagues , have been studying the collision that is estimated to have happened 1 . 64 billion years ago . " if you looked south from alice springs before that time , you would have seen an ocean ," selway says . most scientists have long suspected that the australian continent we know today is formed from pieces of land that were previously attached to other continents . for example , comparison of different rock types , ages and chemistry suggest that , long before eastern australia existed , northern , western and central australia were all discrete landmasses , says selway . when they collided , some time less than two billion years ago , mountains were formed , which have long since eroded away , she says . but selway says no one has really known where exactly the boundaries of these separate plates were and how exactly they collided . " people had theories that these boundaries are there but they ' ve been hard to see because they ' re largely covered by dirt and sediment ," she says . which edge under which ? when continents collide , the edge of one can wedge under the other in a process called subduction . the prevailing theory has been that central australia subducted under northern australia , says selway . but she says there was never much data to back this up . she and colleagues used a technique called magnetotellurics to peer hundreds of kilometres beneath the earth ' s surface in the vicinity of the presumed boundary between northern and central australia , just south of alice springs . the technique relies on the fact that the earth ' s magnetic field causes current to flow through rocks . it measures the strength of the current as it changes with the electrical conductivity of different rock types . selway and colleagues plotted the changing profile of electrical conductivity along a 380 kilometre track north of the northern territory - south australian border , down to a depth of 200 kilometres . the profile shows that the northern plate was more conductive than the central one . and it also shows that the northern plate is wedged under the central one , and not the other way around . because boundaries between plates can be places where minerals concentrate , this kind of " big picture geology " helps the narrow down places to explore for minerals , says selway . some of the research , which was funded by the northern territory geological survey , was reported in geophysical research letters earlier this year . the rest has been submitted to the journal geology . selway is one of 16 young scientists presenting their research to the public for the first time under the fresh science program .