can terrorist tendencies become hardwired into the brain ? neuroscience can be a weapon against terrorism , says a leading brain scientist who is investigating the neurology of belief . professor susan greenfield , director of the royal institution of great britain , says there is no such thing as a brain centre for terrorism . but she says that understanding the neurology of belief , identity and risk can inform the way countries respond to terrorist threats . " as yet no one has started looking at the neuroscience of terrorism [ but ] neuroscience is really in the foothills of this very important question ," she says . greenfield says the brain becomes individualised by the way connections between brain cells form , mainly in the first 18 years of life . experiences during this time leave a mark on the brain , essentially hardwiring the way we perceive and respond to our world . embedding belief greenfield and colleagues at the oxford centre for science of the mind , which she directs , are investigating how belief is laid down in the brain . this goes to the heart of terrorism , she says , which is basically a set of tactics founded on a belief system . she says belief becomes embedded in the brain either through one single , significant event or through constant repetition , such as prayer or rituals , rather than evidence - based deduction . once adopted , belief is very difficult to shake , although the use of cognitive therapy to treat depression shows that it is possible to ' rewire ' the brain , greenfield says . " yes you can rearrange people ' s connections even in maturity so that they see the world in a different way ," she says . risky business understanding risk is also a key factor in understanding what goes on in the mind of a terrorist , she says . greenfield suggests the high integration of technology in our lives is producing a generation more reckless than previous ones . she says the instant gratification of technology prioritises experience above the consequences of our experiences , producing an " experientially biased " society . " if you going to have the techno world driving moment - to - moment experiences over learning and thought , then it would follow that the next generation will be more reckless and prone to risk ," she says . associate professor robert heath , a psychologist and risk management consultant at the university of south australia , says terrorists are both born and made . he says terrorists have a psychological predisposition to violence and typically score highly on psychotism , neuroticism and sociopathology . but they also need a ' trigger point '. " you need to have the disposition but you also need to have a belief set getting implanted in your head ... you also need to have a referent group that ' s a very strong influence ," he says . how do we respond to terrorism ? greenfield says studying the brain can also shed light on how the general population responds to perceived threats . " what does it do to us as a society ?" she says . she says studies in lab rats show that the best way to induce neurosis is to engender a sense of perpetual threat without a way of avoiding it . " one of the hardest things for a human is to be told that you ' re in danger and not be allowed a way out or seen any means by which you can take evasive action ," she says . " so is it actually productive for governments to tell people ' you ' re in a high state of security ' if you ' re not allowing a compensatory action ."