brain chemicals that make you restless and fidgety may also play a role in keeping you lean , a researcher believes thin people ' s brains may be more sensitive to a naturally occurring chemical that makes them wriggle , jiggle and fidget through the day , an international obesity conference will hear . us researcher associate professor catherine kotz from the minneapolis veterans affairs medical center and the university of minnesota will present her research on the neuropeptide , orexin - a , at an international obesity conference in sydney this week . previous research has shown that orexin - a , which was only discovered in the last decade , makes us burn energy by stimulating unconscious activity like fidgeting and restlessness . kotz says her study , published online in the american journal of physiology , shows orexin - a affects activity in rats when injected into their brains . " we injected orexin - a into normal rats and it caused increased movement ," she says . " when we inject it into lean rats they ' re very sensitive to it ; they really increase their movement . the obese rats don ' t seem to respond . " so that said to us there is some difference in the orexin - a signalling in their brains ." underpants study kotz ' s research grew out of an earlier study by dr james levine of the mayo clinic . in his study levine put lean and fat people into underwear with built - in sensors that gauged their movement through the day . that research , published in the journal science last year , found that lean people spend an average two hours more a day than their obese counterparts doing unconscious , spontaneous movements such as lifting their arms , jigging a foot or getting up and down . " what he found ... is that lean individuals move for two hours more per day than obese individuals ," she says . " this is activity that was not going to the gym , not exercising ." the fidgeters burnt about 350 kilocalories a day through this non - specific movement , the equivalent of a 45 minute brisk walk . orexin - a on the brain when kotz ' s team did brain scans on their orexin - a enhanced rats , they found that the lean rats had about double the number of orexin - a receptors than the obese rats , suggesting it ' s sensitivity , rather than quantity , that counts . the difference in receptor number could be because of genetic programming or changes produced by over or under stimulation during life , she says . this question is the subject of further study . kotz says while the rat study hasn ' t been done in humans , our brains also produce orexin - a . she says her findings could eventually lead to an anti - obesity treatment , such as a patch , that either increased the number of brain ' s orexin - a receptors or boost the sensitivity of existing ones .