common brown snakes like this one surprised the scientists by producing higher levels of venom than anyone had seen before australian snakes are delivering more venom than we realise , according to researchers who say this may force us to rethink how we treat snakebites . the poisonous australian brown snake is one of the surprise packages , producing what lead researcher peter mirtschin describes as " spectacular " yields of venom . mirtschin , managing director of the company venom supplies and adjunct research fellow at the university of south australia , and colleagues publish their findings online in the journal ecotoxicology . dr bryan grieg fry , of the australian venom research unit at the university of melbourne , says the study is " of huge importance ", particularly in relation to brown snakes and current antivenom guidelines . " the findings have huge clinical implications . the brown snake is the most common cause of snakebite in australia and the most common cause of death by snakebite in australia ," says fry , who wasn ' t involved in the research . " the key to antivenom is to get it in early and to get in the proper amounts . a big amount [ given ] early means less overall total , as well as a better clinical outcome ." "[ these findings ] can dramatically influence the amount of antivenom needed ." he says the findings are " definitely " strong enough to change clinical practice in australia . milking snakes the researchers milked 33 dangerous species of snakes native and non - native to australia numerous times over a six - year period from 1999 to 2005 . then they averaged the yield , or the average amount of venom a snake produces when it is milked , by each snake type . the team found that snakes from the pseudonaja genus , including the queensland and south australian common brown snake , yielded higher than previously published amounts of venom . " in certain individuals we found quite spectacular yields . if you had a bite by one of those you ' d be in real trouble ," says mirtschin . higher percentage solids were also obtained from venoms from four cobra species from the naja genus and the pseudechis ( king brown ) genus . snake venom comprises salts , water , enzymes , proteins and other macromolecular and smaller organic and inorganic compounds . venom yield is traditionally measured and compared in its dried powder form , where the water is removed , leaving the remaining solids . the findings have led researchers to call for a rethink on current volumes and dosages of antivenom serums . " if you are giving antivenom then maybe the vial size of the antivenom should be increased . or at least the number of vials that are recommended as the initial dose [ be increased ]," mirtschin says .