websites are changing the way musicians promote music and network with other artists musicians tend to hang out with artists who play in a different style rather than those from the same genre , an international study of online social networks has found . the study tells us how musical genres evolve and the part that online networking plays in how people produce , promote and listen to music . researchers reporting on the arxiv physics website created two datasets based on information from the music website allmusic . com . the first group , which they call the collaboration network , consists of artists who have worked together , such as mick jagger and keith richards . the second group , or similarity network , includes artists who share an element of musical similarity , and puts mick jagger in with tina turner and david bowie . an analysis of the groups shows little correspondence between artists who play together and artists who make the same sort of music , suggesting that musicians are more likely to collaborate with others from different musical genres . " collaboration is not the mechanism for similarity spreading [ and ] playing similar music is not an ingredient to predict collaboration links ," the authors , from the university of michigan , the universitat pompeu fabra and the universidad rey juan carlos in spain conclude . collaboration networks jean burgess is an australian phd student at the queensland university of technology ( qut ) who has researched online and offline musician communities . she says the study ' s collaboration network reveals something about the nature of how musical genres evolve . " there ' s no necessary relationship between the style of music you play and who you play music with ," burgess says . " music has always been a really social practice and musicians will tend to work together on more of a social basis . " this is how new genres have formed and re - formed throughout history , on the basis of people from different musical styles playing together ." burgess says online networking has had a big impact on musicians and how their work is produced , promoted and consumed . for example , websites like myspace and youtube allow artists to promote their work and network at the same time . " the way other myspace users consume that content feeds back into the formation of social networks ," she says . folksonomies the second network identified in the study , which is based on musical similarities , reflects another internet - driven development , used commercially by websites like amazon , says dr axel bruns , also of qut . the authors of the study say this can make it easier for consumers to discover new music . but bruns says it can also potentially result in less choice for consumers . " you might end up with a situation where everyone who ' s a female singer songwriter might get compared to joni mitchell [ rather than ] a lesser known artist who may be a closer comparison ," he says . bruns says categorising music by similarity , rather than genre , ties into the new phenomenon of folksonomies . " rather than having a pre - defined ranking which says these singers are rock or alternative or classical ... the categories derive from a broad user base interacting with the data ," he says . " it ' s a democratic form of taxonomy which is more in tune with public perception ."