rna polymerase , a crucial molecule in the multi - step process that encodes genetic material into proteins . roger kornberg published its structure in 2001 us scientist professor roger kornberg , the son of a nobel laureate , has won the 2006 nobel chemistry prize for showing how genetic information stored in genes is copied and then transferred to parts of the cell that produce proteins . this process , known as transcription , is essential to how cells develop and life itself . kornberg ' s prize came 47 years after he watched his father arthur accept the medicine nobel in stockholm for his own gene work . the swedish academy of sciences says kornberg junior ' s research into how rna or ribonucleic acid moves genetic information around the cell was of " fundamental medical importance ". "[ it ] is a key mechanism to the biological machinery . if it does not work , we die ," says professor per ahlberg , a member of the nobel committee for chemistry at the academy . dr elias zerhouni , director of the us national institutes of health , which has helped fund both kornbergs ' work , says understanding the process may help fight disease . " illnesses like cancer , heart disease , and various other kinds of inflammation are linked to disturbances in the transcription process ," he says . " understanding this process in more detail may provide researchers with the needed tools to develop new treatments for diseases ." and because the transfer of information helps explain how a cell becomes a nerve or liver or muscle cell , understanding transcription is crucial for the development of various therapeutic applications of stem cells . x - ray crystallography if dna is the blueprint for life , rna is the builder that has to make something out of it , and kornberg figured out how this happens . he used a process called x - ray crystallography , in which molecules in a chemical reaction are ' frozen ' into crystals and photographed using x - rays , to capture transcription in action and in incredible detail . these images showed the complex structure of rna . but work was slow , says kornberg , who is now at stanford university school of medicine . " it was only possible because of advances in computing ." kornberg made an image of a molecule that rna uses to read and transcribe the dna code . it took close to 20 years to find a way to first see and then understand the molecule , known as rna polymerase . "[ the process of transcription ] is one of the most fundamental biological processes ," says dr jeremy berg , director of the national institute of general medical sciences , which helped fund kornberg ' s work . " the dna double helix is a very beautiful structure but it is a challenge to deal with because all the information is inside ," berg says . " what rna polymerase has to do is somehow find the right spot and then pull the two strands of the double helix apart in the right region . " it has to copy the sequence very accurately . it has to stop and start in the right places . it has to turn on the right genes under the right circumstances ," berg adds . kornberg senior was honoured for advancing understanding on how genetic information is transferred from a mother cell to its daughters . the award makes the kornbergs the sixth father - son pair to win nobels since the prizes were first awarded in 1901 and the eighth set of parent and child laureates .