the camel , an ancestor of the dromedary , was four metres tall and roamed the middle east thousands of years earlier than anyone expected remains of a 100 , 000 - year - old giant camel new to science have been found in the syrian desert , scientists say . " it was not known that the dromedary was present in the middle east more than 10 , 000 years ago ," says swiss researcher professor jean - marie le tensorer of the university of basel . " can you imagine ? the camel ' s shoulders stood three metres high and it was around four metres tall , as big as a giraffe or an elephant ," he says . that makes the ancient camel twice as tall as today ' s dromedaries , or one - humped camels . " nobody knew that such a species had existed ," he says . tensorer , who has been excavating at the desert site in kowm since 1999 , says the first large bones were found some years ago . but they were only confirmed as belonging to a camel after more bones from several parts of the same animal were recently discovered . " we found the first traces of a big animal in 2003 , but we were not sure it was a giant camel ," he says . the scientists also found 100 , 000 - year - old human remains nearby . humans apparently killed the camel while it was drinking from a spring , says tensorer . neanderthal or homo sapiens ? " the bone is that of a homo sapiens , or modern man , but the tooth is extremely archaic , similar to that of a neanderthal . we don ' t know yet what it is exactly . do we have a very old homo sapiens , or a neanderthal ?" says tensorer . " we expect to find more bones that would help determine what kind of man it was ." humans have been present in what is now modern syria for 1 . 5 million years . the area played a key role in the migration of the first human beings towards asia and europe , he says . kowm , the site where the remains were discovered along with flint and stone weapons , is a 20 kilometre - wide gap between two mountain ranges that had a number of springs . the site was first surveyed in the 1960s and evidence of a 1 million - year - old human settlement has been found there . basel university researchers say it is considered a " reference for early prehistory in the near east ". it attracted migrating herds , such as antelope , and humans . archaeological layers covering a period of several hundreds of thousands of years were discovered , which is unusual for such an open site , tensorer says . " it was a savannah more or less ," he says . " the camels then ate probably what they eat today ."