south korean protesters burn anti - north korean banners at a rally in seoul on 9 october denouncing north korea ' s reported nuclear test scientists are taking a wait - and - see attitude after north korea said it had successfully conducted a nuclear test . only careful analysis of data returned by seismic or atmospheric sensors will say whether the blast was a success or a damp squib , they say . nor could they rule out the possibility of a scam , in which north korea blew up a huge stock of conventional explosives to bolster its claim to have joined the nuclear club . james acton of vertic , an independent non - governmental organisation in london that specialises in verification research , notes enormous discrepancies in the estimated size of the blast . the korea earthquake research centre in south korea says there was a 3 . 58 - magnitude tremor from north korea ' s north hamgyong province that translated into the equivalent of 800 tonnes of tnt . but russian defence minister sergei ivanov , quoted by the itar - tass news agency , says the strength was 5 - 15 kilotonnes . by comparison , the us atomic bomb that destroyed hiroshima during world war ii released the equivalent of about 12 , 500 tonnes of tnt . " i ' ve heard from three different sources that [ the north korean blast ] was less than one kilotonne ," says acton , a nuclear physicist by training . " this [ russian figure ] is not a difference of 10 - 20 % [ in the yield ]. it ' s huge . we should wait to see if that russian statement is confirmed ," he says . acton says that going for a 15 kilotonne yield was " the natural size " for a country trying to test a nuclear weapon . paradoxically , it is easier to make and test a hiroshima - sized weapon of this size rather than to make a smaller one , which requires mastery of miniaturisation techniques . " if it turns out to be less than a kilotonne , it could look very much like a fizzle ," a bomb that failed to detonate properly and achieve a full chain reaction , acton says . could it be a fake ? another theoretical possibility is that north korea stashed lots of tnt underground and blew it up . " it is possible to tell the difference between a conventional explosion and a nuclear test ," says acton . " the differences are very fine and subtle , and you need time to analyse the signatures ." bruno seignier , in charge of the analysis and monitoring department at france ' s atomic energy commission , says a nuclear explosion " has a more instant shockwave than a chemical one ". he says that " in a small [ seismic ] event ", picking out such differences would take time . " the analysis is complicated because the energy that radiates out is weak compared with the subterranean background noise picked up by detectors . you really have to make a very detailed analysis when you look into such an event ." to stage a hoax as for the scenario of a hoax , acton cautions that to detonate a huge quantity of tnt to simulate a nuclear blast is in itself quite difficult . it would entail digging a large cavity underground , which would be visible to spy satellites , and requires detonators to be triggered at the same time . in addition to seismic sensors run by national governments , the un ' s comprehensive nuclear - test - ban treaty organization in vienna also has a network of 189 seismic and hydroacoustic monitoring stations designed to detect nuclear tests . the body is not qualified to make public statements on the nature of the incidents registered by its monitoring systems , and therefore has not confirmed whether or not a nuclear explosion had taken place as claimed by north korea . but the raw data has been passed on to the organisation ' s 176 member states and to 770 institutions around the world . telltale signs radioactive particles and gases that can vent from an underground nuclear blast are also telltale signs , providing clues as to the type of material ( uranium or plutonium ) that was used and to the size of the weapon . sniffer planes and ground sensors can be used to monitor this airborne evidence . in the case of a totally sealed site , nothing may emerge , though . a third monitoring technique is to use satellites with ground - scanning radars , which record the topography of a test site before and after an event . movement or subsidence of the soil would be the sign of a big blast .