it ' s how you see things . throughout the ages , scientists have been quick to judge scientists whose work doesn ' t fit their view of the world scientists may say they are dispassionate defenders of the unfettered pursuit of truth . but history suggests they are often guilty of being irrational and narrow - minded , says an australian philosopher . emeritus professor miles little of the university of sydney argues his case in the current issue of the journal medical humanities . " science is supposed to be the ultimate in rationality . it ' s supposed to be the ultimate in evidence and the assessment of evidence ," says little , a former surgeon now at the university ' s centre for values , ethics and the law in medicine . " but science doesn ' t behave like this in the face of aberrant science ." aberrant science can involve the use of methods or the arrival at conclusions the majority don ' t agree with and is often shunned as if it was fraudulent , he says . and yet , says little , some aberrant science is by honest hardworking scientists who produce very important results . while fraud is clearly an undesirable form of aberrant science , little says those whose only crime is to use unusual methods or reach unusual conclusions should not be treated with the same contempt . instead , he says , they should be greeted with open - mindedness , a feature that is supposed to be the hallmark of good science . little says an example of such unfairly treated aberrant science is something that challenges the current scientific paradigm , the given set of assumptions about how the world works . an example of this is the claim , made by immunologist dr jacques benveniste in the late 1980s . he said a solution of antibodies so dilute they were unlikely to contain any molecules could activate white blood cells , a claim could be used to support the claims of homoeopathy . little says the scientific community ' s immediate response to what they saw as " dysfunctional science " was to attack benveniste personally and to vilify and humiliate him . " the way the judgement was made was not scientific ," says little . while subsequent attempts failed to reproduce benveniste ' s results , little says the outcome of other cases of aberrant science have been eventually accepted . one example is professor joseph lister who argued against the wisdom of the 19th century that pus was a sign of infection by germs , which should be prevented from entering wounds . " the majority of surgeons rejected it out of hand ," says little . lister was seen as a " young whippersnapper , defying well - established tradition , flying in the face of authority " and it took the next generation of surgeons to accept his views . little says a related category of unfairly treated aberrant science is something that challenges the accepted ideology of the day .