viruses may be able to cross into the brain , causing steady damage over the years forget where you left your glasses ? did those keys go missing again ? a virus may be to blame . viruses that cause a range of ills from the common cold to polio may be able to infect the brain and cause steady damage , a team at the mayo clinic in minnesota reports . " our study suggests that virus - induced memory loss could accumulate over the lifetime of an individual and eventually lead to clinical cognitive memory deficits ," says dr charles howe , who reports the findings in the latest issue of the journal neurobiology of disease . the viruses are called picornaviruses and infect more than 1 billion people worldwide each year . they include the virus that causes polio , as well as colds and diarrhoea . people contract an average of two or three such infections a year . " we think picornavirus family members cross into the brain and cause a variety of brain injuries . for example , the polio virus can cause paralysis ," howe says . " it can injure the spinal cord and different parts of the brain responsible for motor function . in the [ mouse ] virus we studied , it did the same thing and also injured parts of the brain responsible for memory ." the researchers infected mice with a virus called theiler ' s murine encephalomyelitis virus , which is similar to human poliovirus . infected mice later had difficulty learning to navigate a maze . some were barely affected , while others were completely unable to manage . when the mice were killed and their brains examined , a correlating amount of damage was seen in the hippocampus region , related to learning and memory . one virus particularly likely to cause brain damage is enterovirus 71 , which is common in asia , the researchers say . it can cross over into the brain and cause encephalitis , a brain inflammation that can lead to coma and death . " our findings suggest that picornavirus infections throughout the lifetime of an individual may chip away at the cognitive reserve , increasing the likelihood of detectable cognitive impairment as the individual ages ," the researchers write . " we hypothesise that mild memory and cognitive impairments of unknown aetiology may , in fact , be due to accumulative loss of hippocampus function caused by repeated infection with common and widespread neurovirulent picornaviruses ." other viruses kill brain cells , including the herpes virus and hiv .