a colonial siphonophore , which grows to 1 . 5 centimetres , found off the coast of broome in northwestern australia a jurassic ' shrimp ' thought extinct 50 million years ago has been found in australian waters , a census of marine life shows . neoglyphea neocaledonica , found on an underwater peak in the coral sea , is the oldest marine organism listed in the 2006 census of marine life , a global effort involving 70 nations . the census , which is due for completion in 2010 , also found marine creatures thriving by a record hot volcanic vent in the atlantic and in dark waters under thick antarctic ice . researchers also found 150 new types of fish among 500 new marine species , including furry crabs and a lobster off madagascar . many species were found in places long thought too hostile for life including by a vent spewing liquids at 407 & deg ; c and other habitats that are dark , cold or deep . some places seem as inhospitable as planets such as mars or venus , the researchers say . " the age of discovery is not over ," says jesse ausubel , a program manager at the us sloan foundation , a sponsor of the 10 - year census . among discoveries in 2006 are shrimps , clams and bacteria living by the searing 407 & deg ; c vent on the floor of the atlantic ocean north of ascension island , the hottest sea vent ever documented and more than hot enough to melt lead . " this is the most extreme environment and there is plenty of life around it ," says professsor chris german , of the uk ' s national oceanography centre and a leader of the atlantic survey . he says one big puzzle is how creatures cope with shifts in temperatures . for instance , water on the seabed at 3000 metres is just 2 & deg ; c yet many creatures withstand near - boiling temperatures of up to 80 & deg ; c from the thermal vent . german says it is a bit like a person agreeing to live in a blistering sauna and be hosed at random with freezing water . scientists have not yet probed how hardy the microbes nearest the hottest part of the vent are . another expedition found crustaceans , jellyfish and single - celled creatures living in darkness in the weddell sea off antarctica under ice 700 metres thick and 200 kilometres from open water . most of those creatures are new to science . " you can think of it as a cave , one of the remotest caves on earth ," ausubel says of findings by a robot camera . " wherever we ' ve gone on earth we ' ve continued to find life ," german says , adding that recent discoveries could be encouraging for the search for life elsewhere in the universe . the biggest new species in the census is probably a 1 . 8 kilomgram rock lobster found off madagascar . a furry crab , dubbed a ' yeti crab ', was also found off easter island . in the longest migration ever documented , census researchers tracked sooty shearwater birds on a 70 , 000 kilometre flight sweeping round the pacific in 200 days , an average 350 kilometres a day .