humans may be able to understand a dog ' s bark because all mammals speak a universal language what do dog barks have in common with bird tweets and human baby cries ? all appear to communicate basic emotions , such as fear , aggression and submission in somewhat the same acoustic way , according to a new study in the journal applied animal behaviour science . the find suggests a primitive communication system may unite virtually all mammals . the theory could help explain why previous research has found that many mammals , including humans , understand the vocalisations of different species . for example , a study in the journal language communication shows young children can identify simple emotions conveyed in macaque calls . for the recent research , professor p & eacute ; ter pongr & aacute ; cz and colleagues studied how well people could describe the emotional content of several artificially assembled bark sequences . the barks were based on sounds made by a mudi ( a hungarian herding dog ) and covered five emotional states : aggressiveness , fear , despair , playfulness and happiness . pongr & aacute ; cz , a professor of ethology at e & ouml ; tv & ouml ; s lor & aacute ; nd university in budapest , hungary , and his team then compared the listeners ' answers to the barks ' acoustic features . the scientists discovered that changes in three basic sound qualities - tone , pitch , and the time between barks - determined how listeners perceived the barks . in general , high - pitched barks with longer intervals between each bark were rated as less aggressive than lower - pitched barks heard in frequent succession . just like humans human babies make similar changes in sound quality when they cry , except frequency range appears to be more important than pitch when they express their needs . this link between pitch or frequency and perceived emotion appears to carry across many different species , according to pongr & aacute ; cz , who cited an earlier theory proposed by avian expert professor eugene morton . " his basic argument was that , according to the general physical laws , larger bodies emit sounds characterised by lower frequencies and these are also noisier / atonal . thus receivers can predict the size of the sender ," pongr & aacute ; cz and his team write . " this relationship could have formed the basis of an evolutionary ritualisation process whereby low - pitched vocalisations tended to signal aggression because larger animals are more likely to win contests ... and high - pitched vocalisations became predictors of submission or friendly intent ." since the people in the dog study also linked barks signifying despair , happiness and playfulness , the researchers suspect dogs and humans share a unique ability to communicate with one another that goes beyond the proposed universal mammal ' language '. the scientists believe years of domestication have improved the way that dogs , versus their wolf ancestors , can communicate with us . they point out that such communication isn ' t limited to vocalisations . it also includes visual signals , such as changes in looks . common house cats also appear to have evolved improved means of communicating with humans , according to a study conducted by cornell university researcher nicholas nicastro . cats , however , seem more intent on manipulating us . " though they lack language , cats have become very skilled at managing humans to get what they want - basically food , shelter and a little human affection ," says nicastro . alan beck , professor and director of the center for human - animal bond at purdue university , says that we have to be careful not to interpret behaviour according to " our projection of intent ". but he admits dogs might be able to communicate with us through their barks . " as dogs and humans share some basic non - verbal communications , it is very possible that verbal ones also exist ," beck says .