jewish people ' s history and migrations are reflected in their dna , a new study shows four jewish mothers who lived 1000 years ago in europe are the ancestors of 40 % of all ashkenazi jews alive today , international researchers report . the dna study paints a vivid picture of human evolution and survival , and correlates with the well - established written and oral histories of jewish migrations , says dr doron behar of the technion - israel institute of technology , who worked on the study . the study , published in the american journal of human genetics , suggests that some 3 . 5 million jews alive today descended from four women . for their study , behar and scientists from europe and the us sampled dna from 11 , 452 people from 67 populations . " all subjects reported the birthplace of their mothers , grandmothers , and , in most cases , great - grandmothers ," the scientists write . they looked at mitochondrial dna , which is found in cells , outside the nucleus and away from the dna that carries most genetic instructions . mitochondrial dna is passed down virtually unchanged from mother to daughter , but it does occasionally mutate , at a known rate . researchers can use this molecular clock to track genetic changes through time . they used it , for instance , to compute when the " ancestral eve " of all living humans lived : in africa , about 180 , 000 years ago . now they have found four ancestral jewish mothers . " i think there was some kind of genetic pool that was in the near east ," behar says . " among this genetic pool there were four maternal lineages , four real women , that carried the exact specific mitochondrial dna markers that we can find in mitochondrial dna today ." settling europe they , or their direct descendants , moved into europe . " then at a certain period , most probably in the 13th century , simply by demographic matters , they started to expand dramatically ," behar says . " maybe it was because of jewish tradition , the structure of the family that might have been characterised by a high number of children ." but these four families gave rise to much of the population of european jews , which exploded from 30 , 000 people in the 13th century to " something like 9 million just prior to world war ii ", behar says . the nazis and their allies killed 6 million jews during the war , but there are now an estimated 8 million ashkenazi jews , defined by their common northern and central european ancestry , cultural traditions and yiddish language . behar says as they sampled people from ashkenazi communities around the world , the same mitochondrial genetic markers kept popping up . they did not find the markers in most of the non - jewish people they sampled , and only a very few were shared with jews of other origin . ancestry not genetic disease this particular study does not provide a direct explanation for some of the inherited diseases that disproportionately affect jews of european descent , such as breast and colon cancer , because most diseases are caused by mutations in nuclear dna , not the dna studied by behar ' s group . these genes are believed to date from a ' bottleneck ' phenomenon , when populations were squeezed down from large to small and then expanded again . behar and skorecki ' s team have found what is known as a ' founder effect ', when one or a small number of people have a huge number of descendants .