the diet stresses lashings of meat and limits fruit and vegetables the high - protein atkins diet has caused a " life - threatening complication " for a woman who strictly followed the diet , say us doctors . dr tsuh - yin chen of lenox hill hospital in new york and team report the case in today ' s issue of the lancet . the atkins diet stresses lashings of meat , butter and other dairy products - high - fat foods typically limited in classic diets - but cuts potatoes , rice and pasta to negligible levels and greatly limits intake of fruit and vegetables . the diet ' s premise is that a carbohydrate - starved body will start to burn up stored fat cells , a process called ketosis . chen and team report seeing a 40 - year - old obese woman a month after starting the atkins diet . she reported losing 9 kilograms after eating only meat , cheese and salads , supplemented by minerals and vitamins sold by atkins nutritionals , the company founded by diet pioneer robert atkins in 1989 . the woman was admitted for emergency treatment , complaining of a shortness of breath , nausea and repeated vomiting that had lasted several days , as well as mild gastric pains . urine and blood analysis showed she had severe ketoacidosis , a condition in which dangerously high levels of ketone acids build up in the liver as a result of a depletion of the hormone insulin . ketoacidosis , which is more usually seen among diabetics and victims of starvation , can lead to a coma . the patient responded well to rehydration and glucose infusion and left hospital after four days . " our patient had an underlying ketosis caused by the atkins diet and developed severe ketoacidosis ," say the researchers , adding that mild pancreatitis or stomach infection may have contributed to the problem . " this problem may become more recognised because this diet is becoming increasingly popular worldwide ." diet " not nutritionally balanced " in a commentary also published in the lancet , dr lyn steffen and jennifer nettleton of the university of minnesota ' s school of public health blast the atkins diet as " clearly ... not nutritionally balanced ". " low - carbohydrate diets for weight management are far from healthy , given their association with ketosis , constipation or diarrhoea , halitosis , headache and general fatigue to name a few ," they say . " these diets also increase the protein load to the kidneys and alter the acid balance of the body , which result in loss of minerals from bone stores , thus compromising bone integrity ." steffen and nettleton add : " our most important criterion should be indisputable safety , and low - carbohydrate diets currently fall short of this benchmark ." the atkins diet builds on a long history of low - carbohydrate diets that reaches into the 19th century . more than 45 million copies of atkins diet books have been sold , and the impact of the fad has been far - reaching , elevating meat and " low - carb dishes " over pasta , potatoes and rice . atkins nutritionals emerged from bankruptcy protection earlier this year , specialising as a company that sells low - carb bars and shakes . a us firm that handles the company ' s relations with the media says it cannot comment on the paper published in the lancet .