ice crystals from cirrus storm clouds can regenerate , say scientists who have caught them on film cirrus clouds don ' t just form and die , but can regenerate , detailed images of ice crystals show . the pictures are some of the first results to come out of the tropical warm pool international cloud experiment being conducted from darwin by the australian bureau of meteorology and international researchers . the information will improve our understanding of the life cycle of these high - altitude clouds and help us to make better predictions about climate change , the scientists say . us researcher , dr jim mather from the pacific northwest national laboratory , says it ' s been speculated that cirrus clouds can regenerate . but the latest images have " caught them in the act ". in older clouds , the ice crystals are small and pristine , which suggests they are newly formed . " in older cirrus the crystals are actually being regenerated ," he says . " they ' re growing fresh crystals , so while the cloud appears to be a continuous sheet extending well out from the storm there ' s actually a life cycle within the cloud ." thin and wispy cirrus clouds are the most common high - altitude cloud and can be found at altitudes of 8 - 17 kilometres from the surface of the earth . they can form sheets of up to 1000 kilometres across at temperatures between - 20 & deg ; and - 70 & deg ; c . these thin and wispy clouds are made of tiny ice particles . they are a by - product of storms , lasting up to 12 hours afterwards . mather says cirrus clouds are an important factor in climate change because of the role they play in the interchange of solar energy between space and the earth . " if temperatures increase , what will be the effect on these clouds ? will they increase or decrease in area or extent ? because that can have an effect in either warming or cooling the climate ," he says . the images confirm that at higher altitudes there are some very small , spherical particles , about 20 micrometres in diameter . more complex crystalline shapes were found at lower altitudes at the base of the cloud . mather says scientist have been discussing what shape ice crystals you might find at very high altitudes and very low temperatures . " there ' s been an expectation that if you look at a freshly produced cloud from a thunderstorm it ' s going to be quite complex as the particles crash into each other and form large aggregate chains . " but as you get well away from the storm you expect to get more pristine crystals . " actually seeing these images and confirming the ideas ... was really an epiphany ."