this dinosaur , guanlong wucaii , lived millions of years before t - rex and is the oldest tyrannosaur ever found it had an odd - looking crest and long arms , but a fossil dug up in a remote chinese desert is the earliest example yet found of a tyrannosaur , scientists report . the creature , named guanlong wucaii , lived 160 million years ago , more than 90 million years before tyrannosaurus rex . it shows the tyrannosaur family had an extensive history , the researchers report in today ' s issue of the journal nature . " guanlong is the oldest and most primitive tyrannosaur ," says professor james clark of george washington university , who helped to lead the study . t . rex , the best - known tyrannosaur , lived 65 million to 70 million years ago , during the cretaceous period . this latest find is 90 million years older . " it is really pushing the record of tyrannosaurs back into the jurassic ," clark says . clark ' s team found two examples of the early tyrannosaur in the junggar basin in northwestern china , a largely unexplored cold desert . back in the jurassic , the area would have been a large wetland bounded by mountains , says geologist dr david eberth of the royal tyrell museum in alberta , canada . it would have been warm , with sporadic volcanic explosions , he says . " these animals were found in mud rock ," says eberth , adding the deposits were made of sand , clay and volcanic material that secured the fossilised bones for millennia . the wind has now eroded the dried deposits of tens of millions of years . " it is very easy to see what is in the rocks , what is coming out of the rocks ," clark says . the researchers camp out in the desolate region in the summers , working between sandstorms . they hire local people to walk across the rocks , systematically searching for protruding fossils . sharp teeth it was one such employee who spotted a bit of guanlong sticking out and eventually the palaeontologists dug up two nearly complete skeletons , one on top of another . " we knew right away that this was a theropod dinosaur ," clark says . it had sharp teeth and clearly was a two - legged animal . but one of the two specimens had an unusual , thin crest on its head , and there was a place on the second skull where one appeared to have been broken off . " it ' s a very unusual skull with this crest coming off it ," clark says . " it doesn ' t immediately shout tyrannosaur when you first see it ." but other identifiers marked it as a tyrannosaur , including distinctive structures in the pelvis . the thin crest probably was used for display , clark says . it has been coloured red in the reconstruction , although scientists have no idea what colour it would have been . they have also given the animal bright purple feathers . " we have no evidence of feathers in this species ," clark says . " but there is evidence of feathers in another primitive tyrannosaur . we are fairly confident that it did have feathers ." dr gregory erickson of florida state university studied the ' growth rings ' in the animals ' shin bones and determined that one specimen would have been about seven years old and thus a juvenile , and the other a 12 - year - old adult . the creatures were about 3 metres long , compared to t . rex , which reached lengths of 14 metres . they do not have t . rex ' s shortened forelimbs . the researchers , led by dr xu xing of the institute of vertebrate palaeontology and palaeoanthropology at the chinese academy of sciences in beijing , named the new dinosaur guanlong wucaii . the genus name is derived from the mandarin word for ' crowned dragon ' and species name refers to the region where it was found .