the cane toad front is moving across australia five times faster than it was in the 1940s the invasion of the dreaded cane toad across australia has taken a new turn with research showing the toxic toads are evolving longer legs that allow them to move faster . this means they can encroach even faster on new territory , biologists say in today ' s issue of the journal nature . cane toads ( bufo marinus ) were introduced to australia more than 70 years ago to control insect pests in cane fields . and their toxic nature and invasiveness have made them a major ecological menace . the toads have expanded to cover more than a million square kilometres of the continent and are now progressing at a rate five times higher than in the 1940s to 1960s . professor richard shine from the university of sydney and team stationed themselves at the invasion front 60 kilometres east of darwin . they then waited for the toads , which can travel almost two kilometres a night , to arrive . measurements revealed that the ' super athletes ' at the front of the pack had longer legs than those at the back . why are their legs longer ? shine says there are two " possible " and " probable " explanations as to why toads at the front have longer legs . the first is the conventional evolutionary reason , that there are advantages to being at the front . toads with longer legs have the first access to virgin territory full of juicy grubs , so the evolving species is favouring this characteristic . the second explanation is more immediate and practical . " these guys sort themselves out spatially because the only ones that can be at the front are the fast ones ," says shine . put simply , if the faster ones with the longest legs were at the back , they would trample the shorter slower ones ahead . " so even if there is no evolutionary advantage to being at the front you are still going to end up with the front guys being the fast movers ," he says . understanding the enemy shine says understanding the enemy is the first step in combating the toads in the future . " people tend to take a very straightforward view that cane toads are bad and we just have to work out ways to kill lots of them . but history is telling us that that doesn ' t work that well ," he says . " what we need to do is find what kind of animal toads really are , what bits of the landscape they use , how they use it and what they depend on ."