researchers have put insulin producing cells like this into tiny capsules as a treatment for type 1 diabetes encapsulating insulin producing cells in tiny seaweed bubbles and injecting them into people with type 1 diabetes could one day remove the need for daily insulin injections , an australian researcher says . professor bernie tuch of the university of new south wales launched a trial of the technology this week , using capsules made from the seaweed derivative alginate and measuring just 300 micrometres across . tuch says if the trial works , it will mean that insulin producing cells , or islets , can be transplanted , effectively reversing type 1 diabetes , without the need for immunosuppressive drugs . this is because the capsules protect the transplanted cells from being sought out and destroyed by the body ' s immune system . the capsules also contain tiny holes that let the insulin flow out while allowing oxygen and nutrients in . " the concept of the seaweed is that it forms a coating around the islets ... with holes that are small enough to prevent immune cells entering ," tuch says . the trial , involving a 51 - year woman who was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes 40 years ago , is the first of its kind in australia . tuch ' s team at the diabetes transplant unit at sydney ' s prince of wales hospital has previously tested the method in animals . an italian group began a similar human trial two years ago but is using capsules made from a different material . about 75 , 000 capsules during monday ' s half - hour procedure the woman was injected with 75 , 000 capsules containing a total of around 200 , 000 islet cells . the islets had been isolated from a cadaver and put into the capsules in a procedure tuch compares to blowing soap bubbles . " there ' s the alginate , there ' s your cells and there ' s air ," he says . " you blow the air and the alginate and the cells together and it ' s like blowing soap bubbles ; they come out with the cells inside the capsules ." the capsules were injected into the patient ' s abdomen where it ' s hoped they will start producing insulin within 24 hours , allowing her to slowly begin reducing her insulin injections . tuch says one injection could potentially last a lifetime although it ' s not yet known whether the current patient will need extra injections . what could go wrong ? immunologist dr bronwyn o ' brien , who is working with a team from the university of technology sydney to genetically engineer liver cells so they produce insulin , says tuch ' s method is promising but may have complications . " in practice one of the big problems is that ... often islets that are in the centre of the capsule become hypoxic , they ' re not getting oxygen , and they die ," she says . " the implications would be the cells would break up into possibly small enough pieces that could leave the capsule ." there ' s also a chance that immune cells could grow around the outside of the capsules , blocking the flow of insulin , she says . and while the pores in the capsules are big enough to keep t cells and antibodies out , there ' s still a chance that cytokines , the so - called messengers of the immune system , will slip through and produce an inflammatory response . tuch acknowledges this risk and says the patient received anti - inflammatory drugs as a precaution . " we don ' t anticipate there is going to be a major inflammatory response but if they do get in then the islets may be destroyed ," he says . not just for diabetes the concept of microencapsulation as a means of avoiding rejection drugs could apply to any transplant involving cells , tuch says , and in particular stem cell therapies . " the concept of using capsules is certainly something that is reaching its clinical testing and time will tell what it has to offer ," he says .