this pattern of spirals was made using a computer that analysed someone ' s voice an australian digital artist is using his voice to design textiles . pierre proske has developed computer software that translates different frequencies in someone ' s voice into spiral patterns , producing what he calls ' voiceprints '. proske developed the software while doing his masters in art and technology at sweden ' s it university of göteborg . he ' s used the software to design a pattern inspired by elements of japanese textiles , a design that appeals to him because of its simple repeated elements . " computer code is very simple and minimalistic , you have these ones and zeros , so i thought it would be good to choose a very minimalistic textile as well ." the textile is made up of repeated spirals of more or less the same size in a particular dense and fairly regular arrangement ( see image below ). proske then scanned one of the spirals into his computer as the basic element in his voiceprint design . next he used the software to analyse the frequency profile of a short sample of a voice . " you might get a bunch of low frequencies and some high frequencies depending on what you say and how you say it ," he says . the software translates the relative amounts of different frequencies of a particular sound into a particular layout of spirals of different sizes . different voice sounds can create different layouts of the spirals , says proske . he says the software could be used to generate patterns for textile and graphic design . " the idea is that it is actually meant to be quite accessible . anybody could use their voice to generate these patterns ." proske sees his research as a modern take on old technologies . " i ' m kind of inspired by the connection of textiles and computers because they have a historical link that goes back to the automation of the loom in the 1800s ," he says . proske says the same punched cardboard cards used to code for textile patterns were later used to program the first computers .