humpback whales have structured songs , with phrases and themes . but no - one knows what they mean humpback whales sing songs that contain elements of human language , according to a detailed new analysis of whale songs recorded in hawaii . while researchers do not yet believe that whales have their own language per se , they discovered striking similarities between human language and the songs of humpback whales ( megaptera novaeangliae ). lead researcher ryuji suzuki says that both humans and whales communicate by using discrete sound units that are arranged within a hierarchical structure . " for example , a text consists of paragraphs , a paragraph consists of sentences , a sentence consists of clauses etc ," says suzuki , at the massachusetts institute of technology . " they are at different levels of hierarchy , or layers . " in terms of humpback songs , a song session consists of songs , a song consists of themes , a theme consists of phrases , a phrase consists of units ." put together , all of these elements indicate that whales have something akin to their own syntax , which normally refers to the grammatical arrangement of words within sentences . the findings are published in this month ' s journal of the acoustical society of america . suzuki and colleagues designed a computer program that converted tiny sections of whale songs into mathematical symbols . they then analysed the average amount of information that was conveyed for each symbol with a technique called information theory , which quantifies complexity and structure . " information in the context of information theory does not include ' meaning ', but it focuses on how rare , surprising , predictable or complex a message is ," suzuki explains . listening to whale song human observers who had no previous knowledge about whale song structure grouped humpback whale recordings into complexity , redundancy and predictability . the computer analysis and the human observers all found that whale songs are not only hierarchical , they convey around one bit of information per second . by comparison , humans generate 10 bits of information , or variance , for every word that is spoken . each spoken vowel or syllable , for example , contains at least a few bits of data that correspond to different sounds produced by the speaker . one versus 10 may not sound very impressive , but whales communicate in water , often over long distances . water helps to transmit songs because it carries sound four times faster than air . using information theory jennifer miksis - olds , a research associate at the university of massachusetts at dartmouth ' s school for marine science and technology , is one of the few people in the world who is also using information theory to study whale songs . " i do agree with the new findings . i am currently using information theory to analyse humpback whale communication , and i have come to similar conclusions ," miksis - olds says . she agrees that marine mammal songs and sounds cannot be classified at present as language , but both she and suzuki admit that they do not yet understand the meaning of whale songs and that more research is needed . " this is what we know [ so ] little about ," suzuki says . "[ humpback whale ] singers are always male , and song is believed to be a mating display . the song type evolves over the mating season , and all animals in the same population seem to share the same song type , that is , humpback whales somehow copy each other ' s song . " however , the details of this are unknown . what the songs mean is , again , unknown ."