new guidelines recommend 30 chest compressions to every two breaths to improve blood flow to the heart and brain new advice on how best to perform cardiopulmonary resuscitation ( cpr ) suggests doubling the number of chest compressions , australian emergency medicine experts say . this should mean more sustained blood flow , especially to the heart and brain . the move , which was announced recently by the australian resuscitation council , is now in line with international consensus and best evidence , say the experts . the new protocol recommends 30 chest compressions to every two breaths when resuscitating infants , children or adults . the pattern of two ventilations then 30 compressions should continue , to achieve a rate of 100 compressions a minute , says council chair and university of western australia lecturer in emergency medicine , associate professor ian jacobs . he hopes the one conversion rate for all basic life support rescue attempts and patients would be easier to remember and increase the likelihood people will at least try cpr . the new protocol also recommends compressions be delivered faster and harder , people should visualise the centre of the chest and compress there , interruptions should be minimised , a defibrillator attached urgently , other ventilation avoided and says any attempt at resuscitation is better than no attempt . kelli mitchener from the australian college of critical care nurses and a nurse at melbourne ' s austin hospital , says the new ratio means better blood flow . " by increasing the number of compressions it means there will be fewer pauses where blood circulation is not occurring , hopefully improving the patient ' s outcome ," she says . the changes are based on a review of published evidence which found giving more compressions may help save more lives and a consensus developed by the international liaison committee on resuscitation published in the journals resuscitation and circulation . " there are 30 , 000 - 35 , 000 cardiac arrests annually in australia - due to a heart attack , drowning or drug overdose for example - but less than half receive cpr before an ambulance arrives and most [ who don ' t ] will die ," says jacobs . the guidelines , which are available online , are for the public but include sections for doctors , hospitals and ambulance officers . st john ambulance begins teaching the new techniques in its first aid classes from april .