vietnam ' s fight against bird flu humans infected with bird flu appear to have more of the virus in their throat and nose than people with standard human influenza strains , a conference is due to hear today . the findings may help explain why avian influenza a ( h5n1 ) has such a high death rate in humans , more than 50 % mortality . dr menno de jong , head of the virology department at the university of oxford ' s clinical research unit at the hospital for tropical diseases in ho chi minh city , studied 17 patients with bird flu . he found the virus is often associated with disseminated infection in blood and faeces , and with higher levels of viral replication in the nasopharynx compared with contemporary vietnamese influenza cases . high viral levels , disseminated infection and an intense inflammatory response also seem associated with poor outcomes , he is due to tell the australasian society for infectious diseases annual scientific meeting in wellington , new zealand today . " our main findings are that influenza h5n1 seems to be characterised by high virus levels in the respiratory tract , evidence suggesting disseminated infection [ virus detection in blood and rectum ] and [ likely as a result of this ] an intense inflammatory response ," de jong says . high levels of viral replication are likely to play a role in determining a patient ' s outcome by direct effects of the virus or by the inflammatory response to the virus , he says . " the reason for the high mortality probably is not high replication rates per se , but high replication rates of an extremely virulent virus ," he says . antiviral drugs should be started early to prevent as much inflammatory response as possible , he says . two of the people in his study developed resistance to the antiviral drug oseltamivir and died , as reported in the new england journal of medicine last december . resistance implies suboptimal suppression of replication and strategies to minimise it include ensuring adequate levels of the drug in the body by increasing the dose or giving it intravenously , or combining it with other antiviral drugs , he says . de jong says avian - type cell receptors being mostly in the lower respiratory tract could explain why bird flu does not spread among humans , as reported in the journal nature recently . this may explain why viral load seems higher in the throat than nose , and why all infected developed pneumonia , he says .