a female australian redback spider eating a male spider australian redback spiders sniff out how much competition they have for females as they ' re growing up , and tailor their adult size accordingly , say canadian researchers . michael kasumovic and dr maydianne andrade of the university of toronto report their findings in the latest issue of the journal current biology . " males are really tracking the selection pressures that they ' re facing in an environment . they ' re aware of male density and the amount of competition they ' re going to be facing ," says kasumovic . like most spiders , male redback spiders are much smaller than the females but they vary in size . kasumovic and andrade have found that an individual spider ' s development is determined by a trade - off between traits that benefit a spider ' s sexual success versus their longer term survival . " a trait that ' s good for sex is often not good for surviving and a trait that ' s very good for surviving may not be good for sex ," says australian spider expert , dr marie herberstein , of macquarie university in sydney . the classic example is the male peacock ' s tail , she says , which is good for attracting females but weighs him down and affects his chances of survival when being pursued by a predator . she says kasumovic and andrade have found that when it comes to the redbacks , maturing early is good for their sexual success but maturing later is better for survival . the study kasumovic and andrade studied how immature male redbacks develop in the presence and absence of females . they found that when females are not around , the males develop into sexually mature adults slowly , growing into relatively large adults with lots of energy stores . this gives the male spiders a higher chance of survival when they set out on their search for female mates , the researchers say . but when male spiders are surrounded by females , they focus their energy on maturing quickly , ending up both smaller and leaner because they have spent less time foraging . kasumovic and andrade say growing up fast gives the spiders the best chance of being first to mate with the nearby females , something that is important considering the sex life of redbacks . males redbacks only have one or two chances to mate before they are killed by the female , and mating is most successful when the female is a virgin . " everybody always states that the small males are a by - product of them not being able to get enough resources , but we ' re showing that they ' re intentionally developing that way ," says kasumovic . small and fat the researchers found that when both females and males are around , male redbacks also grow up fast and small . but they have more fat stores on their body than when other males were not around . the researchers suspect that this extra fat gives the males the endurance to compete with other males for the extended courtship rituals that females prefer . males are supposed to pluck and vibrate a female ' s web strings for up to eight hours in the hope of gaining their favour . in the experiment , the males could not see or touch the females or males around them . this means the spiders were responding to pheromones , literally sniffing out their mates and potential competition . a choice of strategy herberstein says the new research shows that male spiders choose which strategy to pursue depending on how they assess their environment as they ' re maturing . " through this developmental plasticity , the males can tailor their development depending on the situation they find themselves in ," she says .