andy roddick has the world ' s fastest serve at 240 kilometres an hour but the sky ' s the limit . researchers say physics doesn ' t set an upper limit for service speed you can reduce the number of stupid mistakes you make on the tennis court by applying the laws of physics , a us researcher says . professor howard brody of the university of pennsylvania shows knowledge of the laws of matter and motion can lift your game in one of three main ways . it can cut errors of latitude ( hitting the ball wide ), depth ( hitting the net ) and force ( hitting the ball too hard ), says brody in the current issue of the british journal of sports medicine . ball angle brody says you can reduce the risk of the ball going wide by not changing the angle when returning a shot . " changing the ball angle by attempting to return a cross - court shot down the line , or returning a down - the - line shot cross court is asking for lateral problems ," he says . but this doesn ' t mean you have to return the ball where it came from every time , he says . if a player chooses to change the ball angle , the margin for error can be reduced by hitting the ball harder . graphs charting ball angle relative to force show the ball leaves the racquet at a larger angle if the swing is slow , brody says . " the ... statement that the angle of reflection equals the angle of incidence holds for light reflecting from a plane mirror , but not for tennis balls rebounding from a racquet ," he says . clearing the net a good groundstroke needs to clear the net while landing in the right place on the other side . and there is a maximum and minimal ball angle that allows this to happen . using the laws of physics , a good stroke will therefore have an optimum vertical angular acceptance , which is maximum angle versus minimum angle , brody says . computer analysis shows that the harder you hit the ball , the smaller the angular window of acceptance . as ball speed increases from 80 to 96 kilometres an hour the acceptance window shrinks by 43 %. the window increases as ball speed decreases . in other words , don ' t hit the ball too hard if you want to get it over the net . but this leaves players in a bind . should they go for a fast shot , which is harder to hit but more prone to error , or a slower shot , which is likely to be more accurate but easier to return ? " the player is fighting against both geometry and sir isaac newton , as well as the opponent !" brody says . brody says adding spin to a fast shot can open the angular window of acceptance , because the spin acts like a downward , or magnus force , helping gravity pull the ball onto the court . he says physics can also be applied to improving your serve and in identifying so - called sweet spots on the racquet that will achieve minimum vibration , minimum shock and maximum ball rebound speed . putting it into practice australian associate professor of physics rod cross of the university of sydney has written a book on the science of tennis with brody . he says physics can more accurately describe what happens when a player hits a ball than the player is aware of . " the idea is that a physicist can tell a coach what the player ' s supposed to be doing and why , and the coach can translate that to a player ," he says . " i tried it myself . i phoned up [ professional tennis player ] jelena dokic and told her she wasn ' t serving properly . " she didn ' t hang up straight away ."