comatose patients lose their muscle tone , have feeding tubes and often open their eyes , hardly the stuff of movies portraying coma patients in movies as ' sleeping beauties ' misrepresents reality and could skew the way we think and deal with coma in real life , researchers report . they say showing people suddenly awakening after years in a coma with no physical or mental problems , or depicting long - term comatose patients peacefully ' sleeping ' with perfect grooming and a healthy tan , minus any feeding tubes or loss of muscle tone , is unrealistic . the concern is that these images become ' real ' for everyday people and may well influence the decisions they would make if faced with a similar situation , researchers report in the journal neurology . dr eelco wijdicks , a fellow of the american academy of neurology , reviewed 30 movies from around the world that depict prolonged coma and found that only two characters showed a reasonably accurate representation . wijdicks and colleague then showed clips of scenes from some of the movies to 72 people with no medical training . more than a third couldn ' t identify important inaccuracies in the scenes . for example , 31 % shown a comedy scene where a comatose person tapped out a message with his finger in morse code believe it could happen in real life . and 39 % of those surveyed say they would allow the scenes to influence decisions they make if a family member is in the same situation . australian consultant neurologist associate professor richard burns , who is based at flinders university and repatriation general hospital in adelaide , says he takes movie scenes of comatose patients with a pinch of salt . " there is this rare instance where someone does recover from prolonged coma and does seem to be all right . but that would be one in 10 , 000 or even more . but it does make it difficult when you are explaining to relatives that there is no hope ," he says . burns says he can ' t remember a person in a prolonged coma " just suddenly waking up ". he believes movie makers have a responsibility to depict coma accurately . [ but ] it ' s unrealistic to expect them to do it because they like to show the exceptional ."