australian backswimmmers have their very own underwater oxygen supply tiny aquatic bugs hitch a ride on air - filled buoyancy bubbles for minutes at a time while they fossick for food , australian scientists show . this means the insects , which are about the size of a grain of rice , can stay still and out of harm ' s way . details of how the australian backswimmer anisops deanei controls its depth are published today in the journal nature . backswimmers are diving insects that use their broad , oar - like legs to swim on their backs . while many air - breathing aquatic insects dive with air bubbles , it appears the backswimmers use haemoglobin to help keep them stationary below the surface while waiting for prey . the trick allows them to dive for food in the safer mid - water zone , rather than scavenge at the surface or cling to submerged objects like most other air - breathing aquatic insects , say the researchers . this is the ideal hunting zone for tiny aquatic bugs because at a metre below sea level , it ' s out of the reach of larger predators that hang around the water ' s surface and those that wait in deeper waters . looking at bubbles researchers from the university of adelaide used a sensitive electronic balance and fibre - optic oxygen sensors to measure the gas pressure inside the bubble the backswimmer carries . they found that the insect uses a strategy much like a diver with a buoyancy vest to control the depth at which he or she hovers in the water . backswimmers breath in a bubble of oxygen they take with them on their dive . and they maintain buoyancy by releasing oxygen from the haemoglobin in their bodies , explains phd candidate philip matthews from the department of environmental biology . " the haemoglobin [ acts as an ] oxygen tank , so the backswimmer can carry oxygen down from the surface in this tank and then breath into their bubble as they need it before resurfacing again ," he says . backswimmers , found the world over , are the only insects to inhabit the mid - water zone as adults , and the only ones to possess haemoglobin throughout their entire life , a link that may be explained by the new findings .