humans cause the vast majority of the 30 , 000 to 40 , 000 fires that occur across australia each year most people who deliberately light bushfires want some sort of change in their life and don ' t mean to cause harm , say australian researchers . dr colleen bryant of the australian institute of criminology will present research on deliberately lit fires at the australasian bushfire conference 2006 in brisbane next month . " there are many reasons why people light fires ," says bryant . " people are complex and of course the motives are complex ." while the community often views arsonists as pyromaniacs , bryant and colleague matthew willis say very few deliberately lit fires are due to pyromania . willis says in the majority of cases people who deliberately light bushfires do not intend to cause harm . they don ' t tend to turn their mind to consequences of lighting a fire , rather are focused on creating some change in their life . while some want to relieve boredom by creating havoc and excitement , other arsonists crave recognition or attention , the researchers say . some light fires out of anger or protest while others believe they are being altruistic by clearing what they see as dangerous fuel - loads . sometimes there are multiple motives . targeting fire prevention campaigns understanding the motives of people who deliberately light fires can be useful in designing fire prevention campaigns and treatment programs for arsonists , the researchers say . for example , willis says people who light fires for excitement will often stay around after the fire to view their handiwork . he says this suggests fire crews should look around and talk to the people who are there watching . knowing that some people light fires just so they can treated as a hero if they report the fire or put it out is also useful , especially for fire services screening new members , says willis . " unfortunately some of those people who light those fires do become members of fire services ," he says . " so [ the fire services ] can use that [ knowledge ] as part of their recruitment exercises ." bryant says knowing that a certain proportion of people get a thrill out of lighting fires on extreme bushfire days also helps fire services to look out for such people on those days . different types of bushfires as well as deliberately lit fires , there are a small number of human - caused fires that are lit without motive . these include fires due to accidents , people with mental disabilities who lack control over their actions and fires lit by children . naturally - caused bushfires , such as those that ravaged canberra in january 2003 , are usually larger and more devastating than those lit by humans . but the researchers say these account for less than 5 % of all bushfires . they say the vast majority of the 30 , 000 to 40 , 000 fires that occur across australia each year are caused by humans , with somewhere around 50 % of these being deliberately lit . willis , formerly of the australian institute of criminology , analysed decades of studies including psychiatric assessments of arsonists who had lit building fires in towns and cities . he then adapted the findings to the bush and came up with a motive - based classification system for people who deliberately light bushfires .