more than 200 , 000 cases of clostridium difficile , seen here , and its cousin c . sordellii occur in the us each year , including a handful in women who have taken the ru486 abortion pill the cause of increasing rare but deadly bacterial infections , including a handful of cases in women who have taken the controversial ru486 abortion pill , is still unclear and needs further study , us health experts say . two sometimes fatal bugs - clostridium sordellii and c . difficile - are a particular worry as antibiotic resistance grows and infections occur in people usually not at risk , doctors and researchers say . while infections have been reported in drug users , surgical patients and accident victims , including men , cases in women who took ru486 drew the most scrutiny at the centers for disease control ( cdc ) this week . officials from the cdc , food and drug administration ( fda ) and national institutes of health sought input from outside experts on what research and tracking systems are needed . dr paul seligman , fda associate director for safety policy , says it is not clear what is causing the spike . " what we do know is that in this country we are seeing the simultaneous emergence of two virulent , often fatal illnesses affecting otherwise healthy people ," he says . more difficult to treat more than 200 , 000 c . difficile cases occur each year in the us , experts say . the diarrhoea - causing disease is usually manageable but has recently become more difficult to treat . c . sordellii is far more rare and previously was not known to be toxic . " over the past few years the picture has changed ," seligman says . drawing the most scrutiny are cases involving ru486 , a drug that is taken with another called misoprostol early in pregnancy to trigger an abortion . six women who took ru486 , also known as mifeprex or mifepristone , have died since 2000 . four died from clostridium infection , one was ruled unrelated , and the other is still being investigated . officials have not directly linked the deaths to the drug . the cdc says it is investigating another fatal case involving a woman who took misoprostol as part of an abortion procedure . another fatal infection following medical abortion has yet to be confirmed . ten other deadly infections have been reported in women who had given birth or who had miscarriages . more study needed several women ' s groups and others ru486 supporters say the infections need more study , while abortion opponents say the data shows the pill is too risky to stay on the market . two experts also questioned the pill . dr james mcgregor , a gynaecologist from the university of colorado health sciences center , urged officials to " reduce or eliminate " mifeprex use . overall , panelists encouraged further study , especially on women . " we clearly need controlled trials ," says dr dale gerding of hines veterans affairs hospital in illinois . most also say limited government data make tracking infections tough and urge better reporting systems . antiobiotics the answer ? it is not immediately clear what action the fda might take regarding ru486 or if officials would suggest use of antibiotics to prevent infection . fda ' s deputy director of the office of new drugs sandra kweder says the meeting shows " the picture is much more complicated " than the cases involving the abortion pill . " this is a far more complex medical and epidemiological situation than originally might have appeared to be the case , and we ' ll be trying to factor that into any actions that we take ," she says .