these flat - headed dinosaurs went head - to - head 66 million years ago a dragon - like dinosaur named after harry potter ' s alma mater has performed a bit of black magic on its own family tree , say us palaeontologists who unveiled the ' dragon king of hogwarts '. the newly described horny - headed dinosaur dracorex hogwartsia lived about 66 million years ago in south dakota , just a million years short of the extinction of all dinosaurs . but its flat , almost storybook - style dragon head has overturned everything palaeontologists thought they knew about the dome - head dinos called pachycephalosaurs . " what you knew about pachycephalosaurs , you can chuck it ," says dr spencer lucas , curator of palaeontology at the new mexico museum of natural history and science in albuquerque . " dracorex hogwartsia is a rather fantastic new dinosaur ," affirms palaeontologist dr robert sullivan of the state museum of pennsylvania . for years dinosaur experts had thought the classic dome - headed , head - butting sorts of pachycephalosaurs evolved from earlier flat - headed ancestors . the last thing they expected to find at the end of the age of dinosaurs was a dramatically flat - headed pachycerphalosaurs , or pachy . " if you were going to predict the kind of dinosaur that would live at that time , it would not be this ," says lucas . without so much as a nod of the head or the waving of a wand , hogwartsia has reversed the pachy family tree . " instead of going from flat - headed to domed , you ' re going from dome - headed to flat ," says sullivan . along with several colleagues , sullivan co - authored the first detailed study of the new dinosaur , published recently in the new mexico museum of natural history and science bulletin . dracorex hogwartsia , which translates to dragon king of hogwarts , was unearthed in 2003 in the hell creek formation of south dakota by three amateur fossil hunters working with the children ' s museum of indianapolis . but it wasn ' t until it was at the museum , while the fossil was being carefully prepared , that renowned dinosaur researcher dr robert bakker happened to catch sight of it while visiting . bakker then recruited pachycerphalosaurs expert sullivan and other palaeontologists to take a closer look . how to name a dinosaur but how did it get its name ? a group of children at the children ' s museum of indianapolis drew the connection to the fanciful school of witchcraft that the famous fictional wizard harry potter attends and came up with the name hogwartsia . " it ' s a very dragon - like looking dinosaur ," says sullivan . j . k . rowling , author of the harry potter series , has been notified and apparently rather likes the new name . " i am absolutely thrilled to think that hogwarts has made a small claw mark upon the fascinating world of dinosaurs ," says rowling in a statement . " i happen to know more on the subject of palaeontology than many might credit , because my eldest daughter was utahraptor - obsessed and i am now living with a passionate tyrannosaurus rex - lover , aged three . " my credibility has soared within my science - loving family , and i am very much looking forward to reading dr bakker and his colleague ' s paper describing ' my ' dinosaur ."