the itokawa asteroid is made up of loosely packed bits of sand and boulders a japanese spacecraft that landed on an asteroid found a ball of rubble held loosely together by its own gravity , unlike other asteroids that have been visited , reports say . the spacecraft hayabusa , whose name means ' falcon ' in japanese , hovered over the near - earth asteroid itokawa last year , taking several measurements before landing briefly on the orbiting gravel pile . itokawa has two parts resembling the head and body of a sea otter , according to professor akira fujiwara of the japan aerospace exploration agency and his colleagues in today ' s issue of the journal science . previously studied asteroids appear to be lumps of solid rock , but itokawa is made up of loosely packed bits of sand and boulders , they say . their findings could have implications for deflecting asteroids that might pass too closely to the earth in the future . " we ' ve never had a close - up look at such a small asteroid until now ," says dr takahiro hiroi of brown university in rhode island , who worked on the joint us - japanese study . " large asteroids such as eros are completely covered with a thick regolith , a blanket of looser material created by space weathering . with itokawa , we believe we have witnessed a developing stage of the formation of this regolith ." itokawa is very small , just 500 metres long . but it is close , orbiting just 516 million kilometres away from earth . although it does not threaten to collide with earth , it makes a tempting scientific target . near miss hayabusa very nearly did not make it . the little spacecraft , now bringing a capsule of samples back to earth , uses an electronic ion propulsion system , whose efficiency should be critical to future missions in deep space . at one point , hayabusa lost communication with its controllers , writes associate professor erik asphaug of the university of california , santa cruz in a commentary in science . " its hydrazine [ fuel ] had leaked away shortly after the second sample collection attempt . two of the reaction wheels had failed and the battery was dead . adding insult to injury , minerva , intended to be the first asteroid surface robot , had been released during an unexpected manoeuver and was lost to space ," he adds . " yet despite these heartbreaking setbacks , hayabusa has been a stunning success both for asteroid science and for deep space concept testing ." asphaug says information delivered by the spacecraft " enhances our understanding of near - earth objects . near - earth objects are not only important scientifically , our planet formed from them , but have also become political hot potatoes , given the growing pressure to do something to mitigate the risks they may pose to earth ". the spacecraft , launched in 2003 , is expected to glide back to earth in 2010 and crash - land in the australian desert .