patients who take an active role in managing their own health may still need help in the decision - making process , researchers say when faced with a tough medical decision , imagine that you ' re making it for a friend rather than for yourself , a new study suggests . that may make such choices easier , report scientists in the june issue of the journal of general internal medicine . " we think that it ' s understandably easy to get caught up in the difficulty of the moment - a patient has just been diagnosed with a problem , they ' re facing a complex treatment decision ; it ' s hard to see the big picture ," says dr brian zikmund - fisher of the university of michigan . " it ' s actually relatively easy for people to gain a different type of perspective by thinking about what they would do if they were recommending for someone else ." zikmund - fisher and his team looked at a phenomenon known as omission bias . this is when a person faced with a medical decision may choose passive nonintervention rather than an active approach due to fear of causing harm to themselves . the researchers asked 2399 people to imagine themselves as a patient , a doctor treating a patient , a medical director creating patient guidelines , or a parent making a decision for a child . the people in the study were then asked to make medical choices in two different scenarios . in one , there is a deadly flu circulating that will kill 10 % of people who aren ' t vaccinated , although the vaccine itself carries a 5 % risk of causing death . in the second , participants were asked to decide on whether or not to treat a slow - growing cancer with chemotherapy . changing hats study participants were more likely to choose the active approach when making a decision as a professional , rather than for themselves . some 73 % of those imagining themselves as doctors would opt for the vaccine , compared to 63 % of those posing as medical directors and 48 % making the decision for themselves . a total of 68 % of those taking the physician or medical director role opted for chemotherapy , compared to 60 % of those in the patient role . thinking as parents , 57 % of study participants would choose the vaccine for their child , and 72 % would opt for chemotherapy . this suggests , zikmund - fisher says , that if a child is already sick a parent may feel more comfortable choosing active treatment than when making the decision to choose preventive but potentially risky treatment for a healthy child . advice from doctors ? doctors are increasingly allowing patients to be a part of the decision - making process , zikmund - fisher notes . but the findings suggest they shouldn ' t opt out of advising patients entirely . " the physician might be able to act as a coach to help guide the decision making process ," he says . doctors could propose that patients try to think of themselves as making the decision for a friend , he explains . " helping the patient to take a step back might make for a better decision - making process all around ."