a computer that can decipher your emotions could help online advertisers target you at times when you ' re most likey to be receptive to their message your computer may soon be able to tell what you ' re thinking by picking up on expressions like a raised eyebrow , a nod of the head or an angry glare , scientists say . british and american researchers are developing an " emotionally aware " computer that will be able to read an individual ' s mind by analysing a combination of facial movements that represent feelings . the technology will be unveiled at a science exhibition in london today . " the system we have developed allows a wide range of mental states to be identified just by pointing a video camera at someone ," says professor peter robinson , of the university of cambridge in england . he and his collaborators believe the mind - reading computer ' s applications could range from improving people ' s driving skills to helping companies tailor advertising to people ' s moods . " imagine a computer that could pick the right emotional moment to try to sell you something , a future where mobile phones , cars and web sites could read our mind and react to our moods ," he says . the technology is already programmed to recognise different facial expressions generated by actors . robinson hopes to get more data to determine whether someone is bored , interested , confused , or agrees or disagrees . visitors to the four - day exhibition organised by the royal society , britain ' s academy of leading scientists , will be invited to take part in a study to hone the program ' s abilities . encoding boredom , tiredness , confusion the scientists , who are developing the technology in collaboration with researchers at the massachusetts institute of technology ( mit ) in the united states , also hope to get it to accept other inputs such as posture and gesture . " our research could enable web sites to tailor advertising or products to your mood ," robinson says . " for example , a webcam linked with our software could process your image , encode the correct emotional state and transmit information to a web site ." it could also be useful in online teaching to show whether someone understands what is being explained and in improving road safety by determining if a driver is confused , bored or tired . " we are working with a big car company and they envision this being employed in cars within five years ," robinson says , adding that a camera could be built into the dashboard . anyone who doesn ' t want to give away too much information about what they are feeling can just cover up the camera , he says .