new technology aims to convert footsteps into renewable energy vibrations from passing trucks , the rumbling of speeding trains and even the footfall of busy city commuters could be captured and converted into energy to light walkways and buildings , engineers say . a london - based architectural firm is working on a project that aims to harness the pulse of a city and use it as a renewable energy source . facility architects director clair price says tens of thousands of people can pass through urban hubs like train stations during rush hour . " you don ' t need to be a maths genius to realise that if you can harness that energy ... you can actually generate a very useful power source that is currently being wasted ," she says . price ' s team has financial and technical support from several organisations for the proposal . " my first reaction when i saw it was wow , this is fantastic ," says tony bates , business development manager at scott wilson , an engineering consultancy firm based in the uk . " as an engineer of course , you can really see that this can really work ." bates and price are now in the process of developing a joint partnership to make the idea a reality . the architectural team is working with university research groups to finish two vibration - harvesting prototypes by december . good vibrations the first is a staircase that will contain hydraulic or piezoelectric technology in the risers . the technology will pick up kinetic energy from commuter footfalls and convert it into an electrical current . climbing stairs requires more force , which means there ' s more energy to be tapped . engineering experts from the university of hull hope to develop a system that will convert at least 50 % of the six to eight watts each person typically generates while walking . the current will be stored in a battery , which can be used to provide energy for lighting or electronic devices . the second prototype is a wireless lighting system that will use tiny generators with components designed to resonate at the same frequency as surrounding vibrations . the resonance will either move a magnet relative to a coil or put stress on a crystalline structure inside a generator to produce a current . light - emitting diodes connected to such vibration harvesters could illuminate the underside of arches .