antarctic octopuses , seen here , gave rise to deep sea relatives colder antarctic waters drove the evolution of deep sea octopuses , suggests new research . australian researcher dr jan strugnell of queen ' s university belfast and the british antarctic survey says the formation of ocean currents around the continent millions of years ago provided the right conditions for ocean creatures to evolve . she presented her research on octopus evolution last week at the scientific committee on antarctic research meeting in hobart . previous research suggests a range of deep sea creatures had their origins in antarctica , says strugnell . " people have thought for lots of different taxa that maybe this has happened , but no - one ' s really investigated it properly ." strugnell decided to test the theory by studying the evolution of antarctic and deep sea octopuses . she constructed a family tree by comparing the octopus dna and morphological features , including number of suckers . using fossils to calibrate evolutionary dates , strugnell says antarctic octopuses and their relatives evolved around 48 million years ago . and her findings so far suggest deep sea octopuses evolved from antarctic octopuses some time after 34 million years ago . strugnell has supported her findings using evidence from a completely different source . continental confirmation at various stages in earth ' s history , for example 100 and 60 million years ago , global climate change depleted oxygen in the deep sea and all the animals there went extinct . strugnell says the evolution of octopuses in the deep sea would only have been possible once those waters became oxygenated again and antarctic octopuses were able to colonise them . evidence for the timing of this comes from the movement of the continents , says strugnell . about 34 million years ago , antarctica separated completely from south america , with the opening up of drakes passage . this allowed the antarctic circumpolar current to form , which insulated the continent and allowed it to get really cold . as cold water is more oxygen rich than warm water , oxygen from antarctic waters would have been able to then diffuse into the deep seas along with antarctic octopuses , which then evolved into deep sea octopuses . " the opening of the drakes passage fits in with evolution of the group ," says strugnell . she says it ' s early days but she is confident about her findings . " this is still a work in progress but the evidence is looking good , halfway through my post doc ." parts of her research have been published in the journals molecular phylogenetics and evolution and cladistics .