the australian velvet worm euperipatoides rowelli is a living fossil that has been puzzling researchers for years the soft and elusive velvet worm might look like a pretty caterpillar . but its brain is strikingly similar to that of a spider , new international research shows . the architecture of the worm ' s brain has more in common with a spider ' s brain than with the brains of other arthropods , researchers report in the journal proceedings of the royal society b : biological sciences . velvet worms have a body formation between that of a worm and an insect and for many years scientists believed they were the ' missing link ' between the two . this view was supported not only by the way they look , but also by the fact that they date back 540 million years . researchers including associate professor david rowell from the australian national university in canberra were interested in finding out whether this was true . they found out that the worms are not a sister group of the arthropods , but lie within the arthropods and share a common ancestry . the team catalogued aspects of the microanatomy of various arthropod brains and then loaded the information into a computer program designed to sort out molecular lineages and create a ' family tree '. " we found the [ worms ] did actually fall within the arthropods and are very similar to the chelicerates [ spiders and scorpions ]. the brains of the velvet worms looked strikingly like spider brains ," rowell says . " that ' s interesting for a number of reasons . firstly because it ' s not something we ' ve seen before , and secondly because the worms don ' t carry many of the body characteristics of the chelicerates and yet their brain structure suggests that they are [ similar ]. " we can only assume that [ over time ] they lost a lot of the characters that identified them as chelicerates ." velvet worms , or onychophorans , are extremely rare and are only found along the east coast of australia , tasmania , new zealand , south africa , south america and along the tropics . contrary to the way they look , they are vicious carnivores that " eat almost anything that moves ", rowell says . they trap their prey by firing a sticky goo over them .