the latest study provides more evidence that men , like women , have a biological clock the risk of a miscarriage appears to rise along with the father ' s age , regardless of how old the mother is , researchers report . their study looked at nearly 14 , 000 women who were pregnant in the 1960s and 70s . the researchers found that the risk of miscarriage was 60 % greater when the father was age 40 or older than when he was 25 - 29 years old . what ' s more , age made a difference even for men in their 30s . miscarriage risk was about three times greater when the man was 35 - 39 years of age than if he were younger than 25 . these risks were all independent of the mother ' s age , a well - known factor in miscarriage , the researchers report in the latest issue of the journal obstetrics & gynecology . the findings add to evidence showing that , like women , men have a biological clock . although men continually produce new sperm and can father children late in life , research shows that their fertility gradually declines starting at a relatively young age . also , as with women , older fathers are more likely to have children with birth defects . one recent study found that a man ' s ability to have a child fades after the age of 40 , similar to a woman ' s fertility decline after age 35 . another confirmed that genetic abnormalities in sperm steadily become more common as men age . why does it happen ? miscarriages , particularly those in the first trimester , often occur because of genetic anomalies in the foetus , which may explain the risk tied to paternal age . the current findings strengthen the belief that people planning a family should consider not only the woman ' s age , but the man ' s as well , according to the study authors . " as child - bearing is increasingly delayed in western societies , this study provides important information for people who are planning their families ," write the researchers , led by dr karine kleinhaus , who was with the columbia university school of public health in new york at the time of the study . back in the 60s and 70s the findings are based on data from a large study of women in jerusalem who were pregnant between 1964 and 1976 , about 1500 of whom suffered a miscarriage . these women were compared with the more than 12 , 000 study participants who delivered a baby . older paternal age was linked to a higher miscarriage risk , regardless of both the woman ' s age and a range of other factors that contribute to miscarriage , such as smoking during pregnancy and maternal diabetes . still , the researchers point out , despite this generally higher miscarriage rate , older paternal age may only slightly raise the risk to any one couple .