there may be remnants of neanderthal genes in the nuclear dna of people with european ancestors people of european descent may be 5 % neanderthal , according to a dna study that questions whether modern humans left africa and replaced all other existing hominids . the same study , published in the latest issue of the journal plos genetics , also says west africans could be related to an archaic human population . as both groups spread , the findings suggest we all have a bit of archaic dna in our genes . " instead of a population that left africa 100 , 000 years ago and replaced all other archaic human groups , we propose that this population interacted with another population that had been in europe for much longer , maybe 400 , 000 years ," says vincent plagnol . plagnol , a researcher in the department of molecular and computational biology at the university of southern california , and colleague assistant professor jeffrey wall analysed patterns of ancestral linkage in 135 modern individuals . they looked at people from utah with ancestors from northern and western europe and yoruba people from west africa . using statistics and computer modelling , the researchers focused on linkage ' disequilibriums ', or sections within genes that did not make sense if only modern human matings are considered . the missing genetic links only fit if some other hominid population is introduced into the model , the scientists say . " we considered the data from modern human dna and fitted a model to explain what we see ," explains plagnol . " we found that a simple model cannot explain the data if we do not add an ' ancestral population '. if this population did not cross with modern humans , or almost did not , the effect is too small to explain the data . we find that a rate of 5 % is what is needed to explain what we see ." the researchers agree with recent studies that conclude neanderthals did not contribute any mitochondrial dna , or mtdna , genetic material that is passed from mothers to children . but they say other portions of the european genome , such as those associated with nuclear dna , may still harbour the neanderthal imprint . plagnol says different parts of the genome have different ancestry , so an individual could have a fraction of a certain chromosome that is inherited from a neanderthal , but then possess " very typical homo sapiens mtdna ". the scientists are not certain which early human group could have contributed to west african dna , but both europeans and africans in the study showed about the same 5 % archaic contribution . neanderthals are believed to have originated in africa around 400 , 000 years ago , but they left and then settled in europe , hence the apparent lack of interaction with modern humans in africa . alan templeton , professor of evolutionary and population programs at the university of michigan , has also conducted dna studies and comes to similar conclusions . " the humans who were in africa and the humans who were in eurasia were regularly interchanging genes ," he says . " there was interbreeding and when humans came out of africa 100 , 000 years ago they did not replace these other human populations in eurasia ." new technologies are being developed to sequence nuclear dna from fossils , so in the near future , scientists may learn more about how modern human genes compare with those of archaic humans , like neanderthals .