when the researchers asked the woman to imagine she was playing tennis , her brain scan lit up in virtually the same places as the brains of healthy volunteers asked to do the same thing brain scans of a woman who has been in a vegetative state for five months show her imagining playing tennis and responding to commands , researchers report . they say their study , published today in the journal science , shows the woman was conscious despite her coma - like state , although several experts disagree . the researchers stress that the study is unlikely to shed light on issues such as the case of terri schiavo , a florida woman who spent 15 years in a persistent vegetative state and was allowed to die in march 2005 after a long court battle . dr adrian owen , a neuroscientist at the university of cambridge and colleagues in the uk and belgium , used functional magnetic resonance imaging , or fmri , to look at the woman ' s brain in action . the 23 - year - old woman , who was injured in a car accident , had been unresponsive , unable to communicate , and met the clinical criteria for a vegetative state , the researchers say . they looked at her brain function when listening to sentences such as , " there was milk and sugar in his coffee ." the brain scan lit up in very similar ways to those seen in healthy volunteers , owen ' s team found . the researchers then asked the woman to imagine certain acts . " one task involved imagining playing a game of tennis and the other involved imagining visiting all of the rooms of her house , starting from the front door ," the researchers write . her scan lit up in virtually the same places as the brains of the healthy volunteers asked to do the same thing . " these results confirm that ... this patient retained the ability to understand spoken commands and to respond to them through her brain activity , rather than through speech or movement ," the researchers write . she also clearly intended to cooperate , which " confirmed beyond any doubt that she was consciously aware of herself and her surroundings ", they write . " this is unlikely the case for all vegetative patients ," owen ' s team cautions in its report . experts note the woman had relatively little brain damage , and say traumatic brain injury often heals better than injury caused by stroke or heart attack such as schiavo suffered . schiavo also had been in her state for far longer than the uk woman , allowing for severe deterioration of her brain . dr ross zafonte , a brain rehabilitation expert at the university of pittsburgh school of medicine , says the study shows a unique way of assessing brain function using scans . " they raise a whole issue regarding consciousness and how we use this term ," zafonte says . " is she just a rare bird ? will we see this on a more common basis ?" other brain experts are sceptical . " if this patient is actually conscious , why wouldn ' t she be able to engage in intentional overt motor acts , given that she had not suffered functional or structural lesion of the motor pathways ?" asks dr lionel naccache of france ' s inserm research institute in a commentary published with the report . he says the patient apparently has " a rich mental life , including auditory language processing and the ability to perform mental imagery tasks ". the study points to a need to develop better scans to assess a patient ' s brain status , naccache says . dr paul matthews , a neuroscientist at imperial college london and university of oxford , says the study does not demonstrate consciousness . " response to stimuli , even complex linguistic stimuli , does not provide evidence of a ' decision ' to respond . withdrawal from an unexpected painful pin prick does not represent a ' decision ' to respond ," he says .