could you be churning out your own car from a desktop factory in 15 years ? within 15 years , desktop nanofactories could pump out anything from a new car to a novel nanoweapon , says a technology commentator . and he warns that society needs to start preparing for this brave new world . mike treder from the center for responsible nanotechnology ( crn ) in new york says advanced nanotechnology , like these nanofactories , could help solve world poverty but it could also wreak economic and social chaos . " it ' s the biggest challenge we ' ve ever faced as a species ," says treder , who has been addressing scientists in australia this week . crn is a non - profit organisation advised among others by the so - called father of nanotechnology , dr eric drexler . the organisation says it aims to raise awareness about the benefits and dangers of molecular manufacturing , the precise assembly of products atom - by - atom . while molecular manufacturing is not yet a reality , treder says researchers are already working on building molecular - scale machines that could eventually move atoms around to make products . and he says that in less than 15 years , nanoscale factories could be making consumer products from cups and chairs to cars and house bricks . raw materials like carbon would be pumped into the nanofactory , where atoms would be rearranged to make products according to programs downloaded from the internet , says treder . warnings treder says such desktop nanofactories could help reduce poverty and starvation in developing nations , and provide tremendous medical benefits . but society needs to guard against its potential risks . in particular , he says crn is concerned that these desktop nanofactories would lead to a nano " arms race " in which hard - to - detect nanoweapons could be designed , manufactured and tested much quicker than they are today . " imagine a suitcase filled with billions of toxin - carrying flying robots that could be released anywhere to target a population ," he says . " you could make a suitcase full of these things overnight for a few dollars ." the mass production of consumer goods by private desktop factories could also trigger social chaos due to economic disruption , says treder . " if i can make my own car at home for a couple of hundred dollars with a design downloaded from the internet that means i ' m not a customer of the auto dealer down the road ." waste from such easy manufacturing , or nanolitter , is another issue that needs to be thought about , he says . as is the prospect of nanospam .