she might be laughing but her brain is really picking out mismatches laughter involves a unique form of consciousness , says an australian researcher who is trying to unravel the thought patterns that underpin humour . ann hale , a medical anthropologist from the university of sydney , spoke about the social and cultural context of laughter at a recent conference of the australian anthropological society in cairns . she believes jokes rely on the juxtapositioning of two mismatched or incompatible concepts . for example , she tells the joke about the prisoner who plays cards with his wardens . but the prisoner cheats , so they kick him out of prison . " prisons have rules that they lock you up ," hale says . " but if you cheat you get kicked out . so you have two concepts there ." the same applies to slapstick humour , she says . when we laugh at someone falling over , it ' s not the process of falling that tickles our funny bone but the attempt to stay upright . " what makes people laugh at slapstick is not falling off the tightrope , but what you do to stay on ," she says . " we ' ve got an idea that this is what you look like when you ' re upright and here ' s somebody trying to stay upright . " it ' s within the same concept but it ' s incongruous , it ' s the mismatch ... it ' s not the fact that you ' ve fallen onto your backside ." even babies do it research has shown we instinctively recognise these " incompatible contexts " in the first year of life , hale says . " research shows that if a mother crawls towards the edge of the cot the baby will laugh because it interferes with the convention that babies crawl , mothers walk ," she says . it also suggests that we respond to contextual mismatches without having to " get " the joke . hale says these thought processes have been compared to the reactions of highly trained sportspeople , like the tennis player who is in position to return a serve " before the brain kicks in ". laughter is essential because it provides a cognitive respite , hales says . " laughter offers a temporary respite from the everyday clutter of thought . it ' s a different sort of consciousness with is uncluttered by the everyday ' shoulds ' and ' buts '," she says . hale believes laughter is a uniquely human talent that operates within a cultural context but also transcends culture . " it ' s a kind of perception , a recognition ," she says . " understanding laughter and humour might get us closer to looking at what consciousness is and [ providing ] another paradigm ."