dragonflies were as large as seagulls 300 million years ago , just before the dinosaurs came on the scene the enormous dragonflies , millipedes and other insects that lived 300 million years ago grew so large because of earth ' s rich oxygen supply at the time , according to a new study . " why isn ' t there a cockroach that ate dallas from recent history ?" asks co - author professor jon harrison of arizona state university . " we can answer that question without a time machine ." harrison and his team analysed how modern insects are designed for the fact that air today is 21 % oxygen . they focused on the tracheal system , the interconnected tubes that transport oxygen throughout bug bodies . by extension , the researchers envisioned what insects would have looked like millions of years ago when the air was 35 % oxygen . their findings help to explain the remains of millipedes over a metre long , 10 centimetre cockroaches and dragonflies with 75 centimetre wingspans dating to the late palaeozoic period , just before dinosaurs came on the scene . using x - ray imaging , the scientists compared the tracheal dimensions of four modern beetles ranging in size from 3 millimetres to 3 . 5 centimetres . they found that the tracheal system took up 20 % more of the insect ' s body in larger beetles . in other words , the bigger an insect , the more it must invest in air tubing . and " more tracheae ... mean less space for everything else in the body , such as the brain and reproductive system ", harrison explains . in the oxygen - rich world of the palaeozoic era , insects needed less air to meet their oxygen needs . as a result , they could afford smaller trachea than modern insects . the researchers conclude that although palaeozoic insects had the same basic body structure as modern insects , their maximum body size was larger because smaller trachea left more room for the other essential body parts necessary to sustain their weight . the findings were presented at this week ' s american physiological society conference in virginia beach . dr steve heydon , curator and collections manager of the bohart museum of entomology at university of california , davis , says that the new explanation is plausible . but there are other possible explanations for why insects grew smaller , such as competition pressure from birds . " remember that there weren ' t any birds in the sky when the giant insects were out ," says heydon . " when flying dinosaurs and birds came around , the insects lost their exclusivity ."