' fred the thread ', a caterpillar that lives in the stem of a new zealand wetland plant ' fred the thread ' is vying for a place in the record books as the world ' s thinnest caterpillar , its discoverers say . the new zealand caterpillar is barely 0 . 9 millimetres wide and is the larval stage of an entirely new genus and species of moth houdinia flexilissima . but scientists at landcare research , who discovered fred , are concerned about his survival . this is because he lives in the cane rush sporadanthus ferrugineus , a threatened wetland plant that forms peat . the researchers publish details of fred in the latest issue of the journal invertebrate systematics . invertebrate ecologist dr corinne watts was researching the restoration of areas mined for peat at torehape on new zealand ' s north island . and she was intrigued by star - shaped tunnels in the plant stems . " it was obvious that something was making them . but every time i cut open a stem there was nothing inside ," she says . " at the time the caterpillars were so tiny that i kept missing them . it wasn ' t until they grew bigger that i finally saw a bright orange thread and thought ' gotcha '." taxonomist dr robert hoare used an electron microscope to measure the caterpillar which , although thin , grows to a respectable few centimetres long . " sporadanthus stems are very narrow so to live inside them the caterpillar has to get longer rather than fatter ," says watts . finding the tiny adult moths , only half a centimetre long , proved almost as difficult . that was until , using a technique borne of frustration , the scientists learnt that kicking the plants elicited a cloud of them . the moths are active at dusk and survive for a brief breeding period of four to six weeks between october and november . although the entire life cycle is not yet fully understood , it is clear that over two or three years the caterpillar goes through the usual stages of moulting , pupating and metamorphosing into a most unusual moth , all within the confines of a 5 millimetre wide stem . such a feat , as well as the remarkable way the species has managed to elude detection for so long , prompted the new genus to be named after the renowned escapologist harry houdini . fred the thread ' s host plant is found in one of three remaining peat bogs on the north island , the researchers say . over the years , drainage and conversion of peat bogs to pasture has resulted in habitat loss , leading for calls to put the plant on the endangered list and to reappraise the conservation status of the moth .