scientists study rio tinto in spain to learn more about mars . the river has an extreme acidic ph and a high concentration of heavy metals , yet microbes grow there . so could the harsh conditions on mars also harbour life ? the us space agency ' s first experiments to look for organic matter on mars may not have been sensitive enough to detect life , concludes a team of researchers studying martian - like soils in remote regions on earth . the twin nasa viking probes landed on the surface of mars in 1976 to search for signs of past or present life . one test involved rapidly heating soil samples so they vapourised , leaving trace molecules to be analysed by spectrometers . no biological materials were found and nasa abandoned ground exploration of mars for more than 20 years . but dr rafael navarro - gonz & aacute ; lez , a researcher with the national autonomous university of mexico , and colleagues have another explanation for the viking results . writing in the latest issue of the proceedings of the national academy of sciences , they say the experiment could have missed low levels of biological activity . the researchers built their theory on studies conducted with viking - type instruments in some of earth ' s harshest environments : the antarctic dry valleys , the atacama desert of chile and peru , and deserts in libya . soil samples in those locations contain trace amounts of materials that viking would have missed . despite inhospitable conditions , soil samples from many of the team ' s test sites showed signs of life . in 2004 , the mars rover opportunity discovered an iron - rich mineral called jarosite on the surface of mars , points out navarro - gonz & aacute ; lez . the same mineral is known to exist in spain ' s river rio tinto . " so i decided to collect sediments from this river , which has a very acidic ph ... high levels of iron and yet the presence of microorganisms from the three domains of life ," he says . the team also discovered that iron - rich soils could oxidise organic molecules into carbon dioxide , further reducing the amount of material left behind . this finding also might explain the high levels of carbon dioxide the viking instruments measured in the martian soil , say the researchers . " the martian surface could have several orders of magnitude more organics than the stated viking detection limit ," the authors write . while most scientists believed viking ' s findings to be clear - cut , others were not convinced . dr gilbert levin , one of the mission ' s lead scientists , has long maintained that his life - detection experiment found living microorganisms in the soil of mars . researchers now also believe that the best place to look for signs of life is underground , which is more protected from solar radiation . nasa ' s current approach to mars exploration is to look for signs of past and present - day water , which is believed to be necessary to support life . over the past 10 years , nasa has dispatched a series of increasingly sophisticated probes to mars to survey minerals and geological formations from above the planet ' s surface , and to analyse soil and rock chemistry with rovers on the ground . " we suggest that the design of future organic instruments for mars should include other methods to be able to detect extinct and / or extant life ," the authors conclude . nasa ' s next two landers , the 2007 phoenix mission and the 2009 mars science laboratory , both include instruments to analyse soil samples for water , carbon dioxide and organic materials . europe ' s exomars mission , slated for launch in 2011 or 2013 , is designed to characterise the biological environment on mars .