today , the amazon flows into the atlantic ocean . but millions of years ago , it flowed in the opposite direction even the most reliable geographical facts , like the direction of the world ' s largest river , can change dramatically over geological time . millions of years ago , a new study suggests , the amazon river flowed from east to west , rather than the current eastward path to the atlantic ocean . the evidence for this continent - wide reversal comes from tiny , dark , virtually indestructible minerals called zircons that are perpetually recycled in the sandstones of the amazon basin . " people use the zircons in ancient sands to reconstruct continents , to understand what might have been upstream ," says geologist russell mapes , a doctoral candidate at the university of north carolina in chapel hill . very often zircons are the only mineral remnants of long - gone mountain ranges . geologists know this thanks to new technology that measures the age of the minerals by the minute quantities of uranium and lead isotopes within them . the isotopes reveal how long it has been since the zircon solidified from molten rock . in the case of the amazon zircons , mapes with his us and brazilian colleagues , discovered that the minerals don ' t come from the relatively young andes at all . instead , they are 1 . 3 to 2 . 1 billion years old . that strongly suggests the zircons must have eroded out of some mountain range that bordered eastern south america back when it was still attached to africa , before there was an atlantic ocean at all . yet the zircons were found to the west of the region where they were born , so the river must have once flowed in that direction , the researchers conclude . " the rocks we saw on the river suggested this ," says mapes . " but when i got the actual data back , i was happy ." ages later , about 65 million years ago , the andes began to rise on the western edge of south america , blocking the river ' s passage to the pacific and shifting its flow to the east . today the zircon is all that remains of the south american - african mountains . mapes is due to present the discovery this week at the meeting of the geological society of america in philadelphia . " you couldn ' t tell this without this new tool ," says geologist dr paul link of idaho state university , referring to the technology to sample individual layers of zircon minerals with precision , and then count the isotope atoms to gauge age . link is working on a similar drainage reversal in north america , even further back in time . " i think that what it illustrates is that when a new tool is developed , then all of a sudden you can make interesting conclusions about which way rivers drained ," he says . that , in turn , can reveal how very different the world once was . " even things like huge rivers are very temporary in the scheme of earth time ," says mapes .