mastodon ' s faught hormonally charged battles at certain times of the year battle scars on male mastodon tusks show these ice age giants were not the peaceful creatures once thought , according to new findings . the scars reveal they fought in brutal combat each year during seasonal phases of heightened sexual activity and aggression . the discovery , announced at a recent society of vertebrate paleontology meeting in ontario , counters the view that now - extinct mastodons were peaceful , passive creatures that rarely engaged in battles . it also strengthens the link between mastodon and modern elephant behaviour , since male bull elephants also fight seasonal , hormonally - charged battles to show their dominance and win desired mates . like warriors with different weapons , however , the two animals had distinct fighting techniques , says lead author professor daniel fisher , a university of michigan palaeontologist . " mastodon tusks curve upward strongly at the tips and appear to have been used in a vigorous up - thrusting motion ," says fisher . elephant tusks are less curved and therefore tend to be used more " in a straight thrusting move ", he adds . fisher ' s analysis of mastodon tusks and skulls reveals that such ramming caused the lower part of the tusk to rotate backward , " crunching it against the back wall of the tusk socket ". he found that although the tusk continued to grow by adding layers of ivory to its base , pitted scars line up along the outside curve of the tusk base . " it ' s not just one event , but a whole series of events that is preserved in this tusk record of fighting ," he says . depends on the season using previous research about mastodon tusk growth patterns , fisher also found the scars correspond to seasonal patterns , the pits formed each year of the adult male animal ' s life during mid - spring to early summer . studies on mastodon vertebrae also helped fill out a picture of gory battles between the creatures , which were 2 - 3 metres tall . " for example , we have evidence of tusks stabbing into the vertebral column , penetrating the space traversed by the spinal cord , from a direction that implies the victim was already lying on his side on the ground ; in other words , the violence went on , even after one animal was down ," fisher says . other fossils suggest some of the animals were butchered in autumn , most likely by humans , who may have caused or contributed to the extinction of mastodons 11 , 000 years ago . few broken bones dr jeffrey saunders , curator and chair of geology at the illinois state museum , says he has excavated over 72 mastodons . " i always viewed them as being rather passive animals because i never found many broken bones , maybe one or two broken ribs . but i greatly respect dr fisher ' s work and i continue to be open - minded about the possibilities ," he says . saunders , who once found himself between two fighting bull male elephants while in a small jeep , adds , " i also think it ' s interesting that similarities between mastodons and modern elephants seem to persist , given that these animals parted evolutionary ways 40 million years ago . the basic elephant design must be successful to have persisted so long ."