dr richard helmer plays air guitar it could make an ideal christmas present in years to come . australian scientists have built a t - shirt that lets you play ' air guitar ' for real . dr richard helmer and his csiro colleagues stitched wearable sensors into an ordinary long sleeved t - shirt to create a prototype of what they ' re calling a ' wearable instrument shirt '. simply by moving one arm to choose chords and the other to strum some imaginary strings , home rockers wearing the shirt could make actual music . the tunes come courtesy of a pair of small but resilient sensors placed in the elbows of the t - shirt . the sensors bend when you move your arm , sending wireless signals to custom software that turns them into audio samples . " when you move your arm it bends a filament in the sensor , which changes its resistance ," says helmer . " it ' s a bit like a volume control ." one of the smart things about the technology is the sturdiness of the interface , helmer says . the materials can all stand up to ultraviolet light , moisture and movement , so working up a sweat is less likely to cause problems . " it allows you to jump around and the sound generated is just like an original mp3 ," he says . the shirt is part of a wider csiro program on intelligent fabrics that aims to tackle more serious applications like health monitoring or 3d computer interfaces . so why design an air guitar ? " i thought we needed to do something that was a little less serious that people could have fun with ," helmer says . in the meantime , the researchers aren ' t deaf to the possibility that their experiment could have commercial potential . " it depends on how much people want it ," helmer says . the price might start out relatively high , but over a year or two could drop down to " christmas present level ", the researcher says . at this stage , no - one knows exactly how much it might retail for , but it would probably be in the hundreds of dollars , helmer suggests . a small price to pay , perhaps , for turning rock star fantasies into reality .