researchers are trying to find out more about paranormal experiences an international online survey of paranormal experiences has met with an overwhelming response , say australian researchers . the survey , on phenomena that cannot be explained using the current laws of science , is by researchers at monash university in melbourne . " the paranormal is covered by the media everyday . it is also in the public domain via chatrooms and websites and email lists ," says rosemary breen , who will use the survey results as part of a masters degree . " i wanted to tap into this and give a scholarly voice to these experiences ." a recent gallup poll revealed that 75 % of americans hold at least one paranormal belief , and a uk newspaper poll showed that 60 % of britons accept the existence of the paranormal , say the researchers . but little is known about contemporary spontaneous experiences , and official surveys are rare , they say . breen says the survey is not about beliefs or whether parapsychological phenomena exist , rather it is about what people have experienced and the impact it has had on their lives . and she says she is not aware of any equivalent study in the world . thousands of responses some 2 , 000 people have made contact via the internet since the survey began six weeks ago , says dr beverley jane , who is supervising breen ' s research . she says 96 % of respondents claim to have had at least one brush with the paranormal , the exercise seeks to gauge the frequency , effect and age of onset of unexplained phenomena such as premonitions , out - of - body and near - death episodes , telepathy and apparitions . results to date showed 70 % of respondents believe an unexplained event changed their lives , mostly in a positive way . some 70 % also claim to have seen , heard or been touched by animal or person that wasn ' t there , 80 % report having had a premonition , and almost 50 % recalled a previous life . " the respondents are sincere and they want to report what they have experienced ," jane says . she is amazed by the strong response on such a sensitive subject , and put this down to the virtual nature of the study . " people can do it in the privacy of their homes instead of in front of the researcher , so they can answer honestly ," she says . while the survey was anonymous , some people later sent emails with their contact details , jane says . she says the study is not seeking to assess respondents ' mental health , but says it does offer people the chance to tell somebody about experiences they would normally keep to themselves . due to the overwhelming response to the survey the researchers expect to extend the closing date for responses past its initial november deadline .