the real - life study found clubbers were using much higher doses of mdma than lab studies could ever test the idea of being followed around a nightclub by a researcher bent on taking a blood sample and measuring your temperature may not be your idea of a good time . but ' field ' studies like this may be the only way to get the full picture of the effects of the drug ecstasy , or mdma , says university of adelaide pharmacologist professor rod irvine . irvine , whose unique recreation - setting study of ecstasy was presented at the australian health and medical research congress in melbourne today , says real - life studies of ecstasy paint a very different picture to conventional , controlled , low - dose laboratory studies . " i ' m not saying that we must go out into clubs and do naturalistic studies and that they ' re the only things to do , but those sorts of studies must be included in the spectra of what we ' re doing ," he says . " people out there will use much higher doses of the drugs than would ever be allowed ethically in a controlled clinical setting . " so it gives you the opportunity ... to perhaps pick up data that you could never replicate in a laboratory ." taking the lab to the club irvine ' s study , conducted with the phd student kate morefield , analysed 10 people who took ecstasy in a party setting . the subjects , aged around 27 , had taken one to five pills . blood samples were collected just before taking the ecstasy and once an hour for the next four hours . heart rate , temperature and blood pressure was also regularly monitored . the study showed that using the drug in a recreational setting produced higher elevations in heart rate , blood pressure and skin temperature than previous laboratory studies had shown . the concentration of mdma , or methylenedioxymethamphetamine , in clubbers ' blood also exceeded those reported in clinical research , irvine says . " in recreational settings , individuals experience or tolerate physiological effects of greater magnitude and achieve considerably higher blood concentrations of mdma ... than those reported in controlled clinical studies ," the research , contained in a poster presentation , says . for more information about ecstasy and other drugs , see the druginfo clearing house website , run by the australian drug foundation .