criminal psychopaths might not stop their attacks because they may have learned to dampen their brain ' s response to other peoples ' distress signals a biological defect in the way blood flows in the brain rather than a psychological defect could be one reason why some people become criminal psychopaths , a new study shows . researchers from the institute of psychiatry at king ' s college london monitored the emotional responses of six men who had committed repeat offences such as attempted murder , rape with strangulation and grievous bodily harm . all six subjects scored highly on the hare psychopathy checklist , a test that looks for the presence of cunning , manipulative or exploitative behaviours as well as lack of guilt or remorse . it is thought that people with psychopathic disorders lack empathy because they cannot process when someone is distressed , for instance a face that looks scared . to test this , the people in the study were shown images of fearful , happy and neutral faces . their brains were then imaged with functional mri , a type of brain scan that shows which parts of the brain ' light up ' in response to these images . their brain scans were then compared to those of healthy control subjects . " we ' ve never been able to look directly in the brain before and what we found is that when psychopaths were exposed to frightened faces the distress cue didn ' t increase the psychopath ' s blood flow . it decreased it ," says author professor declan murphy . he adds psychopaths might not stop their attacks because they may have learned to dampen their brain ' s response to other peoples ' distress signals . tom fahy , professor of forensic mental health and co - author of the study , which is published in the latest issue of the british journal of psychiatry , says criminal psychopathy may be inherited or acquired through very deprived and abusive childhoods . he adds the findings of the study open possibilities for new treatments other than counselling therapies and could be used to identify people who had a higher risk of re - offending . " psychopaths currently respond pretty poorly to treatment but this biological problem could be used as a marker for people who say they have recovered but actually haven ' t ," murphy says .