earthquakes and crystallising lava are clues that volcanoes are about to blow , new research shows better predictions of when volcanoes are going to erupt may be possible with a new computer model developed by australian scientists . dr alina hale from the earth systems science computational centre at the university of queensland and colleagues have been investigating a type of repetitive earthquake that typically occurs before volcanic eruptions . " quite often these long - period earthquakes are observed before a volcano does something nasty ," says hales . " it ' s basically an indication that something ' s going to happen , but no - one has actually worked out how they occur ." recently , scientists have begun to think the quakes may be caused by areas of instability in volcanic lava called shear bands . but until now there has been no accurate way to explain the connection . " it ' s been eluding us exactly what the volcano is trying to tell us with these signals ," hale says . " people have had a go at trying to correlate shear bands with these earthquakes , but so far it hasn ' t been convincing ." at the australian institute of physics conference in brisbane today , hale described how her new model incorporates processes such as the formation of crystals in lava to make the correlation more precise . " it was a case of putting two and two together to pinpoint how these signals are being generated ," she says . when hale used real - world data from soufri & egrave ; re hills volcano , which devastated the island of montserrat , her model confirmed that shear bands were being generated at the depths where long - period earthquakes occur . more research needs to be done to further refine scientists ' understanding of the processes behind long - period earthquakes , hale says , but the new model could be an important development . " we ' re now getting closer to understanding where and why these signals occur ," she says . " basically it could potentially give us the ability to predict eruptions ."