gorillas ' social habits make it easy for the ebola virus to spread among and between groups , researchers say the ebola virus may have killed more than 5000 gorillas in west africa , enough to send them into extinction if people continue to hunt them too , researchers say . the virus is spreading from one group of the already endangered animals to another , the international team of experts report today in the journal science . and it appears to be spreading faster than it is among humans . " the zaire strain of ebola virus killed about 5000 gorillas in our study area alone ," write primatologist dr magdalena bermejo of the university of barcelona in spain and colleagues . ebola haemorrhagic fever is one of the most virulent viruses ever seen , killing 50 - 90 % of victims . the world health organization says that it killed 1200 people infected between its discovery in 1976 and 2004 . the virus is transmitted by direct contact with blood , organs or other bodily fluids . there is no cure or good treatment , although several groups are working on vaccines . several experts have noted that chimpanzees and gorillas are also killed by the virus , and suspect that people may have caught it from infected apes , perhaps when hunting them . but it is not clear whether the gorillas are infecting one another , or being repeatedly infected and reinfected by another species of animal , perhaps a bat . bermejo ' s team has been studying a group of western gorillas in the lossi sanctuary in northwest republic of congo . " by 2002 we had identified 10 social groups with 143 individuals ," they write . quick deaths in 2001 and 2002 , several outbreaks of ebola had begun killing people along the gabon - congo border . by october 2002 , the researchers had found 32 dead gorillas , and of the 12 they tested for ebola , nine were positive . "[ bermejo ] knew these animals individually , and in the course of three months they all died ," says dr peter walsh , an ecologist at the max planck institute for evolutionary anthropology in leipzig , germany , who worked on the study . eventually the researchers counted 221 dead gorillas . based on what they and other experts knew , walsh extrapolated what the total impact must be to come up with the estimate of 5500 gorillas killed by ebola in that area . he says no one knows precisely how many gorillas are in the world and how many have died . " but i know what ' s the typical mortality rate in those areas that are affected . it ' s an educated guess . a quarter of the gorillas in the world have died from ebola in the last 12 years . it ' s huge ," walsh says . " add commercial hunting to the mix , and we have a recipe for rapid ecological extinction ," the researchers write . their report supports a study published in july that showed gorillas were spreading the virus within their social groups . " our work is complementary to that ; we have shown it is spreading between groups ," walsh says . walsh says gorilla groups share territories , often eating fruit from the same tree , although at different times . faeces from a sick gorilla could easily infect other gorillas . gorillas and chimpanzees also touch and handle the bodies of other apes when they find them , something known to transmit ebola between humans . " the issue here is that there is a certain amount of work that needs to be done to take these vaccines that already exist and put them into gorillas ," walsh says .