the australian alps had the thinnest and shortest snow season since at least 1982 planet earth had its sixth hottest year on record and a deluge of severe record - breaking weather , according to a new report . the findings come from the world meteorological organization ' s ( wmo ) preliminary report on global climate data for 2006 , released today . " all over the world we are starting to see extreme weather records being broken ," says dr michael coughlan , head of the national climate centre at australia ' s bureau of meteorology , which contributed to the wmo report . " while we have had severe events in the past , there does seem to be a pattern now of increasing severity ." this year was the sixth hottest on record and 2005 was the second hottest . " it ' s unequivocal that temperatures are rising ," says coughlan . he says the wmo compared this year ' s temperatures with instrumental records dating back to 1861 and palaeoclimate data extending back thousands of years . drought high temperatures and low rainfall through 2006 , combined with an el ni & ntilde ; o , brought severe drought to much of southern australia . major cropping zones had the driest and warmest 5 years on record . and the australian alps had the thinnest and shortest snow season since at least 1982 , and anecdotally for at least 40 years . " in terms of the rainfall this is certainly one of the worst drought on record ," says coughlan . southeastern australia also had record low temperatures in may and june and severe crop - damaging frosts in late september and mid - october . this year ' s drought followed a 5 to 10 year decline in rainfall in southern and eastern australia . and in the case of southwest western australia the downward trend in rainfall extends back 20 to 30 years , says coughlan . he says that in this area research by the indian ocean climate initiatve has linked the decline in rainfall partially to greenhouse gas - induced global warming . but in southeastern australia , where the downturn in rainfall is relatively recent , this link has yet to be made , says coughlan . australia was not the only place affected by drought , says the wmo report . long - term drought was a problem in the us , brazil , china and southern africa , where at least 11 million people were affected by food shortages . flooding rain the decrease in rainfall leading to drought in some places is accompanied by increases in rainfall elsewhere , leading to floods . overall , the trend in australia is for increasing rainfall , just not in the agricultural areas . australia ' s tropical north had its fifth wettest wet season on record and tropical cyclone larry in march was the strongest cyclone to make landfall in queensland since 1918 . flooding was also a feature globally . the indian monsoon , for example , brought the highest rainfall in 24 hours ever recorded in several locations . meanwhile , the danube river reached its highest level for more than a century in april 2006 affecting tens of thousands of people in eastern europe . in may , floods in some of the new england area of the us were the worst in 70 years . and the canadian city of vancouver had its wettest month ever in november . somalia is currently suffering the worst flooding in recent history with some places receiving more than six times the average monthly rainfall , affecting hundreds and thousands of people . last year also saw the largest ozone hole over the antarctic and a continued sharp decrease in arctic sea ice . over 60 , 000 square kilometres ( about two thirds the size of the state of new south wales ) is being lost a year .