scientists have rescued a mouse immune system that was overwhelmed by a systemic blood infection . but will this work in humans ? scientists have discovered how infections that invade the whole body , like malaria , disable the immune system and prevent it from detecting and fighting other microorganisms . the australian and german researchers say the discovery may help scientists to develop vaccines that restore immunity in people with systemic or ' whole body ' infections . they publish their research today online in the journal nature immunology . the immune response is alerted when specialised sentries of the immune system , dendritic cells , detect a virus or bacteria . they alert the immune system by capturing infected cells and displaying fragments or antigens of the pathogen on their surface in a process called cross - presentation . lead researcher dr jose villadangos , an immunologist from the walter and eliza institute of medical research in melbourne , says systemic infections such as malaria or sepsis , a bacterial infection of the blood , overstimulate dendritic cells . this results in the immune system ' s critical alarm system shutting down . " this doesn ' t occur in local infections because only a few dendritic cells are involved ," villadangos says . " but in the case of malaria infections and sepsis , dendritic cells throughout the body are concentrated on alerting the immune system , which prevents them from detecting and responding to any new infections ." a new type of vaccine ? villadangos and colleagues managed to restore immunity in mice with an immune system compromised by sepsis . they injected them with a live vaccine made of dendritic cells that had been exposed to a secondary virus in the laboratory , and subsequently displayed antigens of that virus . villadangos says the findings show the missing link in the immunosupressed animal is the capacity of the dendritic cells to display the antigens of new viruses . " we should be able to take dendritic cells from a patient with sepsis or malaria and expose them to antigens of the virus of a secondary infection and inject them back into the patient . " this strategy is already being used in the development of anti - cancer vaccines . we are yet to find out if will work against secondary infections in humans with a systemic infection ," villadangos says . me themselves themselves was what the