nanoparticles may rescue us from the drudgery of cleaning the bathroom cleaning bathrooms could become a chore of the past with new coatings on bench surfaces , tiles and glass that do the job for you , say australian researchers . professor rose amal of the arc centre for functional nanomaterials and team are developing new coatings they hope will be useful for self - cleaning surfaces in homes and hospitals . " if you can have self - cleaning materials , you can do the job properly without having to use disinfectants and other chemicals ," says amal , based at the university of new south wales in sydney . tiny particles of titanium dioxide up to 20 nanometres in diameter are currently used on outdoor surfaces , such as self - cleaning windows . these titanium dioxide nanoparticles absorb uva light , ultraviolet light below 380 nanometres in wavelength . this excites electrons and gives the particles an oxidising ability more powerful than chlorine bleach . the nanoparticles can then kill microbes and break down organic compounds from vehicle and industrial emissions into carbon dioxide and water . surfaces coated with the titanium dioxide nanoparticles also have another property , called ' superhydrophilicity ' that helps them self - clean . this is when water does not form droplets , but rather runs straight off the surface , washing as it goes . changing the activating light but titanium dioxide can only be activated by uva and this is only present in sunlight , not other sources of light , like indoor light . this means that to date self - cleaning coatings have been limited to outdoor surfaces . amal and team have been modifying titanium dioxide nanoparticles so they can absorb light at higher wavelengths , in the visible spectrum , over 400 nanometres in wavelength . they have been doping titanium dioxide nanoparticles with a small amounts of other elements such as iron or nitrogen , in place of titanium or oxygen . lab trials show that glass coated with the new nanoparticles can be activated by visible light from a lamp to kill bacteria escherichia coli , and degrade volatile organic compounds . " if you can coat it onto a shower room , you don ' t have to clean the shower room that often ," says amal . " because of the oxidising properties , fungus will also not grow on the surface ." outdoor coatings could benefit too while amal says the self - cleaning coatings would be useful on tiles , glass screens and benches in bathrooms and hospitals , she says the nanoparticles could also be used to improve outdoor self - cleaning surfaces . uva only makes up 5 % of sunlight , she says , whereas the ability to use visible light would significantly increase the amount of sunlight that could be used . " if you use this material outdoors you can utilise more of the sunlight wavelengths ," she says . funding so far has been through the australian research council but amal says her team will be looking for commercial support down the track . she expects it will be another year before the nanoparticles will be ready for large - scale production . safety considerations amal says recent concerns about the toxicity of nanoparticles should not apply to those in the self - cleaning coatings because they are chemically glued to surfaces with polyethylene glycol , and so are not free to float in the air . " for this particular application i don ' t think it should be a problem ," she says . here has other where has both those further whom are