a long tailfin or ' sword ' scares off competitors and impresses the ladies colourful aquarium fish known as swordtails , size up competitors ' tailfins before fighting , us scientists show . often a male just has to show his big elongated tail , which looks like a pointy sword , to scare off challengers , according to a new study in the latest issue of the journal animal behaviour . yet another study in the same publication concludes that female swordtails prefer male swordtails with big , striped swords . researchers even think the female fixation on these bright appendages led to their emergence in the first place , since female fondness for novel traits and bright colours appears to have preceded the appearance of male swords . the finding suggests the creation of some secondary sexual characteristics may be influenced , and even controlled , by the opposite sex . for male swordtails , this characteristic is an extension of the tail or caudal fin . " it is not terribly rigid and cannot be manipulated very efficiently ," says dr kari benson , who co - authored the first paper with dr alexandra basolo . " it is not useful as a weapon . it is only used as a visual signal in a fight ." benson , a researcher at lynchburg college , says , " the sword might signal many things : how strong and vigorous he is , how well he ate while growing up or simply by indicating that he is large ." the researchers staged duels between swordtails ( xiphophorus helleri ), by putting two comparably sized males with different - sized swords in a tank and then observing their interactions , which usually involved aggressive behaviour , such as chasing and biting . the researchers then artificially manipulated sword size by affixing fake plastic swords to the fish . repeatedly , the male with the bigger sword won . often all he had to do was to show his sword and then the other male slunk away . basolo , from the university of nebraska , says the loser really looks the part . " his body darkens , due to a stress response , he puts his head down and he then positions himself at the periphery of the tank ," she says , adding that the loser even folds in his fins . dr brian trainor , a researcher in the college of social and behavioral sciences at ohio state university , says : " one part i was a bit amazed with was that in the sword manipulation experiment ; somehow the fish were able to determine their own artificial sword sizes . " i think people usually think that fish are not too bright . not only were these swordtails able to assess their competitors ' apparent sword length , but also they were able to compare that with their own sword length . i thought that was a cool result ." he even believes there is a swordtail - human link , since both species seem to have evolved traits and behaviours that do not offer apparent survival benefits . the sword , for example , appears to be useless , save for its visual impact . for humans , he says possible examples include artistic abilities and senses of humour . like male fish showing off their swords to females , he suggested that these human abilities might exist , in part , to impress members of the opposite sex . like the fish swords , they can also weed out competitors who may not be as talented or humourous . " our studies in swordtails show that sexually selected traits can be complex and used in multiple behavioural contexts , much like many aspects of human behaviour ," he says . no at just do once of so only just down our i our her above will had when from him any for had don further the yours which can have