and the am goes to ... dr karl , for promoting greater understanding of the application of science to daily living dr karl kruszelnicki , the man responsible for demystifying belly button lint , has been awarded an australia day honour for his work as a science communicator . dr karl ' s appointment as a member of the order of australia ( am ) is the latest in a long list of accolades for the former scientist , engineer and paediatric emergency doctor , including a 2002 ig nobel prize for his belly button lint research . kruszelnicki , who describes himself as " very mediocre as a scientist but pretty good at talking about it " says his real achievements have been in making a difference to people ' s lives . he tells the story of a woman who told him at a book signing that her son , once a high school drop - out and surf bum , decided to become a geneticist after listening to him on triple j radio . the boy got himself a phd and is working as a geneticist at harvard university today . " under circumstances like that i feel that i have done my work ," kruszelnicki says . " i used to be a medical doctor and i didn ' t realise it at the time , but the reason i was doing it was to liberate people from what ails them or to help them get to the next stage , like a conduit . " so i think that ' s what [ the am ] is for . alternately it might be for my groundbreaking work on belly fluff ." the secret history of dr karl kruszelnicki was born in sweden , across the river from elsinore where hamlet trod the corridors of his castle in shakespeare ' s play . at school he was teased for having a weird surname and he grew up to work in a variety of jobs including physicist , labourer , roadie and tv weatherman . today he ' s a popular media personality and a best - selling author . ask about the least known fact about him besides his middle name ( it ' s sven ), and he tells you that he test - drives four - wheel drives and is an avid autograph collector who has the signatures of three of the 12 moon walkers . he also subscribes to a $ 10 , 000 ( us $ 7500 ) worth of scientific literature . kruszelnicki says the most important scientific discovery is that you can ' t mix sewage with drinking water , the most over - rated is the internet and the biggest unanswered question is why the moon is larger on the horizon . the most way - out theory that may one day become reality ? that one day genetic engineering will allow us to travel through space in the form of a giant magnetic vapour cloud . " and you ' ll still be able to have sex ," he says . he ' s also learning to stand up on his malibu surfboard . obviously he ' ll be applying the most complex laws of physics to the task . " it ' s called not falling over ," he says . other australia day honours recipients include : & bull ; professor ian hickie ( am ), clinical advisor beyondblue , for service to medicine in the development of mental health initiatives & bull ; dr jeanne collison ( ao ), as a pioneer of cardiac bypass techniques through the development of the first australian heart - lung machine & bull ; dr ian brooker ( am ), for services to botany , including research leading to the identification and classification of the genus eucalyptus ; and & bull ; dr george bennett ( am ), for his work in celestial navigation and positional astronomy .