the fab tree hab weaves together branches to form living archways growing a home from living trees instead of building a home from felled timber is the goal of an architect from the massachusetts institute of technology . dr mitchell joachim , part of the mit media lab ' s smart cities group , along with ecological engineer dr lara greden and architect javier arbona , propose a home that is actually an ecosystem . the fab tree hab goes beyond sustainable housing and so - called green design , building with materials that have a low impact on the environment and human health . " not only does it do zero damage , but it will hopefully clean the air ," says joachim . the habitat is based on an ancient gardening method known as pleaching , which weaves together tree branches to form living archways , lattices or screens . in joachim ' s vision , the exterior of the living house is shaped over the course of several decades into a protective crisscross of vines , interspersed with soil pockets and growing plants . a clay and straw composite fills in the gaps to insulate against the cold and heat and keep out moisture . he proposes constructing windows manufactured from soy - based plastics that would flex with the home as it grows . gathering water water would be gathered in a roof - top trough and circulate by gravity through the house , where it would be used by the inhabitants , filtered through a garden , and purified in a pond containing bacteria , fish , and plants that consume organic waste . a composting system would treat human refuse . water would also serve to hydrate the plants and the tree itself , which would give off water vapour naturally during transpiration and cool the shelter . the fab tree hab would also rely on the sun for heat . large , south - facing windows would absorb warmth in the northern hemisphere ' s winter , while windows located on the shady side at ground floor would draw in cool breezes during hot months . grow your own furniture " the living house would be the holy grail of this art form ," says richard reames , an orgeon - based arborsculptor and author of the book how to grow a chair . reames uses grafting and pleaching techniques to grow living chairs , benches and tables . joachim ' s dream is to plan an entire community based on the living house design , but before that can happen , he will need to conduct a year or two ' s worth of sociology and feasibility studies . in the meantime , he is designing a house in california that will be constructed from 50 % recycled and reconstituted materials and 50 % living elements . the project is called matscape and joachim sees it as an experimental step toward the ultimate living house . yours theirs we here our doing itself both down we he we until such from the will while why of above then me no s with again yours a be do or than yours why she above with or