alkaloids found in magic mushrooms act on the brain to produce changes in perception and hallucinations an australian researcher has developed a new test for mushrooms that produces a glowing light if they contain the hallucinogenic ingredients that make them ' magic '. several species of magic mushroom grow in australia , mainly in new south wales , victoria and south australia . nicole anastos , who did the research for her phd at deakin university , describes her work in the latest issue of the journal of forensic sciences . she applied the method to three species of magic mushroom psilocybe subaeruginosa , hypholoma aurantiaca and panaeolina foenisecii , provided by the royal botanic gardens melbourne . the technique uses chemiluminescence , a light reaction that occurs when two chemicals react , to detect psilocybin and its metabolite psilocin . these are the serotonin - like psychoactive ingredients in magic mushrooms . magic happens not all molecules exhibit chemiluminescence . but mix psilocin with acidic potassium permanganate and psilocybin with ruthenium and magic happens . anastos says the technique can detect extremely low levels of psilocin , making it the most sensitive test there is and the first time chemiluminescence has been applied to magic mushrooms . " in the literature there ' s quite a few pieces published on the analysis of psilocin and psilocybin in magic mushrooms but the analysis time is quite long in some of them ," she says . " we wanted a rapid method to detect these alkaloids . to date it ' s the most sensitive method published ." anastos soaked ground up samples of mushroom in methanol and separated the chemical components using high performance liquid chromatography ( hplc ) before running the chemoluminescence test . a do - it - yourself test kit ? anastos says she hopes her research will be picked up and developed for use by the police . it could possibly also form the basis of a home magic - mushroom test kit or a urine test , she says . associate professor michael dawson , head of chemistry , materials and forensic sciences at the university of technology sydney says anastos ' work is interesting chemistry . but he says it doesn ' t offer any real advantage over existing tests . mass spectrometry or ultra violet absorption produced equally good results when testing for psilocin and psilocybin in magic mushrooms , he says . " once you ' ve separated the mixture into its individual components ... there ' s a whole host of detection methods ." same ours should from all t we themselves the when there we we is their where she an its are of an don its its do from so in his was each having