moroccan runner hicham el guerrouj ' s world record will be left in the dust one day , according to a mathematical analysis of times for the men ' s one mile race athletes could run the mile 18 seconds faster than the current record , according to an australian mathematician who ' s gone back over the past hundred years of records . dr michael deakin of melbourne ' s monash university first calculated the absolute limit for the distance 40 years ago when he declared it to be 3 minutes 32 seconds . he will tell a meeting of the australian and new zealand industrial and applied mathematics group later today that he has since revised the data . he now says athletes could run the mile in 3 minutes 25 seconds , much faster than the existing record of 3 minutes 43 seconds set by morocco ' s hicham el guerrouj in 1999 . deakin says more sophisticated computing technology and more records led him to revisit his earlier work . " the reason for revisiting [ my original study ] is twofold ," he says . " there ' s a much bigger data set than there used to be and secondly you ' ve got all sorts of computational tools you didn ' t back then . " so i thought i ' d give it another run for its money ." he didn ' t make any estimate of when , if ever , this new height in athletic performance would be scaled . deakin arrived at the figure using non - linear trend analysis , a branch of statistics commonly used in economic forecasting . " i plot the different records ... and then i drive a trend curve through it ... which cuts out all the ups and downs ," he says . " the idea of the trend curve is to have a line at the top which more or less always will be achieved , and a line at the bottom which is never to be achieved ." in the past he ' s also used the method to estimate calcium in the bodies of dialysis patients and the trajectory of arrows as described in a passage of ancient roman poetry . a three minute mile ? the mile , the equivalent of 1609 metres , has been replaced by the 1500 metres but is still common in some countries . and although international athletics bodies now only recognise world records for metric distances , they have made an exception for the mile and still keep records today . the mile was once famed for the 4 minute barrier which , was thought to be impossible until englishman roger bannister ' s time of a little over 3 minutes 59 seconds in 1954 . speculation has now shifted to the 3 minute barrier , although most experts agree that athletes are unlikely to meet this without some sort of assistance . dr shane brun , a senior lecturer in medicine at james cook university and vice - president of sports doctors australia , says it ' s almost impossible to predict the bounds of athletic performance . but humans will reach a stage where they simply can ' t get any better without some form of modification , he says . " whether that ' s through evolution or science or drugs we just don ' t know ," he says . under theirs their we most nor did whom