this image shows the flash of light emitted when the deep impact probe smashed into the comet . the comet nucleus is in blue and maroon , and the impact flash is ringed in multiple colours ice has been detected on the nucleus , or solid body , of a comet for the first time , researchers report . they say that comet tempel 1 , the target of nasa ' s deep impact space probe , has three patches of ice on its surface . but most of the frozen water probably lurks deeper inside . co - investigator dr jessica sunshine and colleagues report their findings online today in the journal science . the surface ice was detected by instruments on board the probe before it crashed into the comet in july last year . cameras spotted several patches bluer than surrounding areas . and infrared spectroscopy confirmed these patches were water ice . the scientists suspect the ice is in large grains , probably aggregates . and the deposits are impure , with only a small fraction being water ice , the rest consisting of dust . the surface deposits are also not enough to account for the water vapor in the cloud of gas and dust that surrounds the comet ' s nucleus , the scientists say . " these new findings are significant because they show that our technique is effective in finding ice when it is on the surface ," says professor michael a ' hearn of the university of maryland , the project ' s principal investigator . " we can [ also ] therefore firmly conclude that most of the water vapor that escapes from comets is contained in ice particles found below the surface ." into the heart of a comet deep impact slammed into the comet last year aiming to collect data about the comet ' s heart . comets are of particular interest because they are believed to be made up of the leftover debris from the gas , dust , rocks and ice that formed the outer planets in our solar system some 4 . 6 billion years ago . scientists have long known that comets contain substantial amounts of ice . but before deep impact , they did not know how ice was distributed throughout the comet ' s nucleus . some astronomers believe comets ' seeded ' earth with some of the water and carbon - based molecules that make up living things . t not but both is does into itself this don