a waiting room questionnaire will make it easier for doctors to spot people anxious about their health , but with no physical symptoms , psychologists say one in 16 australian patients suffers from imaginary ills , the country ' s first study into the prevalence of hypochondria reveals . the research by psychologist dr john franklin of macquarie university and colleagues , which will be submitted for publication , looked at 1381 patients who attended 13 family doctor surgeries across the state of new south wales . it found 6 . 2 % of the population presented with a primary diagnosis of hypochondriasis . " that ' s quite high ," franklin says . it is generally estimated that only a third of patients who visit a general practitioner have a condition that is purely physical . " at least a half , but variously estimated at about two - thirds , have a condition that ' s in some part the result of social or psychological factors ," franklin says . " roughly a third of the total patients actually have what you might call a psychosomatic condition , which is something that has a physical manifestation but has really got an underlying psychological cause ." health anxiety franklin and his team went further to specifically investigate hypochondriasis , a condition where a person believes they have a serious illness in the absence of confirming physical evidence . " this is more than just a psychosomatic condition . it ' s a condition where the patient actually believes that they have something seriously wrong with themselves ," franklin says . patients with hypochondriasis , or health anxiety as psychologists prefer to describe it , usually complain of physical symptoms , but these tend to be vague and non - specific . the patients in the study were assessed using a questionnaire devised by franklin and his colleagues called the health anxiety interview schedule . franklin says the form was designed as an alternative to the current international standard , the whiteley index , which he says isn ' t specific enough and doesn ' t link into the diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders criteria for hypochondriasis . a new test the new test is described in the current journal of psychosomatic research . franklin says it is more targeted , more streamlined and designed to be filled out by patients in the general practitioner ' s waiting room . " the score they get can alert the gp to the possibility that there are social or psychological issues that might be going on ," he says . questions relate to symptoms , physical signs , what the patient thinks is wrong , how long they ' ve had concerns , whether they have found previous explanations reassuring and whether other doctors are seeing them . on average , patients who fell into the health anxiety category were seeing between three and four doctors , the research found . franklin says it ' s important to identify patients with health anxiety because , along with children in the first year of life and people in their last , this group uses the lion ' s share of health resources . be t from your was be