australian women should be given the option of taking a pill to terminate a pregnancy , advocates of the ru - 486 drug say . but not everyone agrees the abortion drug ru - 486 is not like most drugs that chug through australia ' s regulatory system . rarely has the availability of a drug been tied to such charged emotions , including headlines that warn of backyard miscarriages for desperate women . part of the debate , which is due to come to a head in a parliamentary vote later this week , relates to the drug ' s safety and efficacy . does ru - 486 , otherwise known as mifeprex or mifepristone , have side - effects ? and how does it compare with surgical abortions ? under the current system , the conservative , catholic , anti - abortion health minister tony abbott , has the final say on the drug . but advocates of ru - 486 say that decision should rest solely with health experts at the therapeutic goods administration , as it does for other drugs in australia . heated debate ru - 486 was developed in france in the 1980s and is used for terminating a pregnancy at less than nine weeks . sexual health and family planning australia says ru - 486 has been used by more than 21 million women around the world and is available in 35 countries , including the uk , us , new zealand , france , sweden , greece and spain . the drug works by blocking the effects of the hormone progesterone , which a woman needs to start and maintain a pregnancy . it breaks down the lining of the uterus , which can no longer hold onto the fertilised egg . usually , the woman has to return to her doctor two days later for a prostaglandin , a drug that causes her uterus to contact and expel the products of conception . how safe is it ? associate professor anne tonkin , a clinical pharmacologist from the university of adelaide and a drug adviser to the federal government , says : " mifepristone ... is not a risky drug , and is not a particular threat to women ' s safety . it is not a poison or a toxin , and has very few side - effects . " it works by mimicking a common cause of natural miscarriage . the side - effects are the same as those of a spontaneous natural abortion , and include bleeding as part of the normal response ." she says that in 95 % of cases , a miscarriage induced by mifepristone used in combination with a prostaglandin requires no further treatment . " in about 5 %, as is the case for natural miscarriage , a minor surgical procedure is required to complete the abortion . this means that 95 % of women who would otherwise have required an operative procedure could avoid it with the use of mifepristone ," she says . but a study that looked at all side - effects of the drug reported to the us food and drug administration over a four - year period found there were serious effects . these included four otherwise healthy women who had died from bleeding or septic shock after taking the drug , the most common side - effects reported by all women . of the 607 adverse events analysed in the february issue of the annals of pharmacotherapy , there were women who reported foetal abnormalities that appeared after failed abortion attempts , ruptured ectopic pregnancies and allergic reactions . emergency access chief medical officer professor john horvath has been concerned about the risks of later side - effects in some women who take the drug . in written advice to the health minister on the safety for women in remote areas , he says ru - 486 " carries a significantly higher risk [ than surgical abortion ] of later adverse events ". and he says that if doctors are not supported by services that could deal with emergency complications out of hours , this would " substantially increase the risks to women undergoing termination ". another recent study , published in the journal contraception , concludes the " safety of mifepristone is high ". when it analysed the results from more than 95 , 000 ru - 486 abortions in the us , it found few serious medical complications in everyday use . some 2 . 2 per 1000 women had a complication , most commonly heavy bleeding . and 1 . 1 per 100 , 000 women died after taking the drug . by comparison , the mortality rate from surgical abortion was 1 per 100 , 000 women . others have argued that rather than debating which abortion method is best , the aim of the current debate is to offer women a choice . the royal australian and new zealand college of obstetricians and gynaecologists , for instance , argues that ru - 486 should be an option . many politicians are yet to reveal whether they back availability of ru - 486 , so it is unclear which way parliament will vote . but debate on the drug is likely to continue regardless of the outcome . can an after so which then only about the over yourself here until each a so having yourselves ours me ours why against ours have off does will too was at