the search for life on other planets is homing in on a handful of solar systems that resemble our own . but not everyone agrees this is the best approach astronomers looking for extraterrestrial life now have a short list of places to point their telescopes . they include nearby stars of the right size , age and composition to have earth - like planets circling them , scientists say . but cuts in us federal funding mean that private philanthropists , who pay for the bulk of their work , may find out first when and if extraterrestrial life is discovered , the astronomers told a meeting of the american association for the advancement of science . dr margaret turnbull of the carnegie institution of washington released her top 10 list of potential stars to the meeting . they will be the first targets of nasa ' s terrestrial planet finder , a system of two orbiting observatories scheduled for launch by 2020 . " there are 400 billion stars in the galaxy , and obviously we ' re not going to point the terrestrial planet finder ... at every one of them ," says turnbull . so , on behalf of nasa and the now independently funded search for extraterrestrial intelligence , or seti , she narrowed down the list to stars that could have planets with liquid water orbiting them . " we want to see these habitable planets with our own eyes ," she adds . so the star cannot be too bright , or it will obscure the planet . variable stars , which grow hotter and cooler , probably would not be conducive to life , so they are thrown out , as are stars that are too young or too old . some are too gassy to have spawned planets like earth , which contains a lot of metal . others have massive companions whose gravity could interfere with the steady conditions needed for life to evolve . top 10 list turnbull ' s top 10 list includes 51 pegasus , where in 1995 swiss astronomers spotted the first planet outside our solar system , a jupiter - like giant . others include 18 sco in the scorpio constellation , which is very similar to the sun ; epsilon indi a , a star one - tenth as bright as the sun ; and alpha centauri b , part of the closest solar system to our own . " the truth is when looking at these so - called ' habstars ', habitable solar systems , it is hard to really rank them . i don ' t know enough about every star to say which one is the absolute best one ," turnbull says . but dr carol cleland of the university of colorado argues that astronomers are limiting themselves by looking for planets that closely resemble earth . " i actually think we ought to be looking for life as we don ' t know it ," cleland says . she says life on earth is all so similar , based on dna made up of specific building blocks , that it is likely to have had a single origin . life elsewhere may be built from different ingredients , or structured very differently , she says . feeling the pinch dr jill tarter of the seti institute , set up after us government funding for the program was cut , says the current budget threatens other astronomical programs . she says research and analysis budgets were cut by 15 % in the fiscal year 2007 budget proposed this year by us president george w bush . " in the case of astrobiology , the cut is to 50 % of what it was in 2005 ," tarter says . " we are facing what we consider an extraordinarily difficult financial threat ." she says nasa once had a policy of what to do , who to call , and how to announce the news if someone detected a signal of intelligent life from space . " today it is in fact a group of very generous philanthropists who will get the call before we get a press conference ," tarter says . they include microsoft co - founder paul allen and microsoft chief technology officer nathan myhrvold . she same in this that