genes that govern aspects of social communication , human bonding and spirituality help to determine whether you ' ll make a good dancer , research suggests professional dancers are born with at least two special genes that give them a leg up on the rest of us , according to a new study . recent research also has suggested that intelligence , athletic ability and musical talent are linked to our genes and brain hard - wiring . with dancing added to the list , the evidence indicates that certain individuals are born with a predisposition to specific behaviours and talents , and that at least some of these qualities may represent evolved attributes . " i think that dancing is an evolved trait ," says professor richard ebstein , who led the study , published in a recent issue of the plos genetics journal . " animals have courtship dances and i think that human dancing represents the further development of a very ancient animal trait ," says ebstein , a psychology professor at hebrew university ' s scheinfeld center for genetic studies . " also the fact that dancing is universal and existed in all human societies , even those communities of man separated geographically by tens of thousands of years [ aboriginal australians , native americans , africans , eurasians ] attests to the very early origin of dance in our evolution as a species ." first , find your dancers ebstein , doctoral student rachel bachner - melman and their colleagues examined the dna of 85 currently performing dancers and their parents . they then did the same thing for 91 competitive athletes and 872 people who neither regularly dance nor often participate in sports . the scientists discovered that dancers tend to possess variants of two genes that are involved in the transmission of information between nerve cells . one of the identified genes is a transporter of serotonin , a brain transmitter that contributes to spiritual experience . the second is a receptor of the hormone vasopressin , which many studies suggest modulates social communication and human bonding . " people are born to dance ," says ebstein . " they have [ other ] genes that partially contribute to musical talent , such as coordination , sense of rhythm . however , the genes we studied are more related to the emotional side of dancing - the need and ability to communicate with other people and a spiritual side to their natures that not only enable them to feel the music , but to communicate that feeling to others via dance ." ebstein believes some adults may possess the special gene variants , but they perhaps never nurtured the related skills or recognised their hidden talent . " many of us surely have the ability , but for a hundred reasons never exploited that particular talent ," he says . ebstein explained that the identified genes seem to be linked to every form of dancing , from tap to hula , since all usually involve social communication and connecting to music or rhythms . other factors to consider professor irving gottesman , a senior fellow in psychology at the university of minnesota and an emeritus professor from the university of virginia , is one of the world ' s leading experts on genes as they relate to human behaviour and psychology . gottesman emphasises previous research has shown that genes are only one part of " complex causality " systems that make us who we are . for example , he confirms that intelligence can be in our genes , but that socioeconomic considerations , such as a quality education , can have a greater influence on a person ' s intellect . ebstein agrees that genes are not the whole story . he says those of us without a twinkle - toed predisposition can still become good dancers , since " it ' s not only a question of having the right genes , but also training and motivation , that make professional dancers ". but being them them he itself a of your how she most has some his such an before each himself during ourselves below nor which a doing any