up to 25 % of a car ' s fuel goes on running the air - conditioning the average family car may one day have fans built into the seats to cool you down as you drive , suggests us government research . the cooled seats could also cut your fuel bill by more than 7 %, say the researchers , fuel that would otherwise be used to run the car ' s air - conditioning . " ventilated seats keep drivers and passengers cooler , so they need less air - conditioning to be comfortable ," says the research team , led by john rugh at the us department of energy ' s national renewable energy laboratory . the researchers have been trying to reduce fuel consumption for air - conditioning in cars and trucks . using a mannequin that breathes and sweats , the researchers tested the effect of a specially constructed seat , containing two fans that pull air from the seat surface and out from underneath the seat . their mannequin , called adam ( advanced automotive mannequin ), together with physiological and psychological models , enabled the researchers to measure how the cool seats increases " thermal comfort " and reduces the need for air - conditioning . " if all passenger vehicles had ventilated seats , we estimate that there could be a 7 . 5 % reduction in national air - conditioning fuel use ," the researchers say . real - world savings ? australian engineer , associate professor eric hu of deakin university in melbourne , welcomes the research . " up to 25 % of the engine power is used for air - conditioning purposes ," says hu , who works on reducing fuel use associated with vehicle air - conditioning . while the cool seats might make people feel more comfortable , he doesn ' t think the researchers ' estimate of a 7 . 5 % reduction in fuel consumption will make much difference in the real world . " certainly savings are a good thing , but i ' m not too sure you can say it ' s significant ," he says . hu says it would be easy to achieve the 7 . 5 % savings with good seals , which would prevent the loss of cool air from windows and doors . and if people don ' t close their windows tightly , he says the 7 . 5 % savings could easily be blown away . but hu says research like this is going in the right direction . the amount of engine power used by air - conditioning translates to at least 25 % of fuel use and 25 % of emissions , hu says . and until recently , he says , this problem has not been taken seriously . for example , he says air - conditioning is not considered when the fuel economy of new cars is tested in australia . driving uphill hu ' s current research , funded by the australian research council and air - conditioning company air international , is looking at how air - conditioning affects fuel use under different driving conditions . for example , he has a theory that when a car full of passengers is driving uphill the engine can become overloaded and burn fuel inefficiently . this means air - conditioning would use even more fuel and worsen pollution . hu is hoping to develop a smart energy management system for cars that could cut off air - conditioning when the car is going uphill and let it kick in when the car is going downhill . " we want to co - ordinate the engine load and the air - conditioning load ," he says . " currently these two systems are not talking to each other ." again under her because off being between we an than me do s but of few s no now until most why whom i their down been such that he will doing where had as it that any here then few and further did very have me t am by have its you each again should herself what against until theirs into below themselves most for theirs to having over this did has were her his an herself and yours