new zealand fruits , like fruits of the swamp maire shown here , are rich in antioxidants , scientists are finding . this may help to explain low levels of infectious disease in pre - european maori people plants traditionally eaten by maori people are the world ' s richest source of antioxidants , new zealand scientists show . " until now blueberries have been regarded as the ' king of the antioxidants ', the best source of antioxidants in a western diet and the standard by which they ' re measured ," says associate professor kevin gould of the university of otago . " but almost half the plants we tested had concentrations many times higher ," says gould , who measured levels in both native and introduced plants . puha , a plant similar to watercress and still commonly eaten by maori people , has over three times the concentration of antioxidants of blueberries , and new zealand honeysuckle 10 times . but the fruit of the syzygium maire or swamp maire tops the lot , with 18 times the concentration . the study , published in the new zealand journal of botany , opens up several exciting avenues for further research , gould says . " it may account for the low incidence of non - infectious disease in pre - european maori . even now maori are less at risk from colon and rectal cancers than new zealanders of european descent ," he says . " but it may also reflect the way new zealand plants are responding to global warming and other environmental stresses ." plants are particularly susceptible to stress from too much ultraviolet ( uv ) radiation ; because of the hole in the ozone layer above antarctica , new zealand has one of the highest levels of uv radiation in the world . under stress all organisms produce free radicals when they are stressed . normally the organism can deal with them by producing its own antioxidants to mop up them up . but too many antioxidants can cause damage . " a free radical is an unstable molecule that behaves irrationally ," says gould . " it ' s a bit like a jilted lover , bent on revenge , wanting to attack the first thing it sees . it ' s unstable because it ' s lacking an electron , or it ' s got too many , so it just wants to grab one from anywhere , including the tissue from your lung or your bowels ." finding plants with such high concentrations of antioxidants may prove doubly beneficial , the researchers say . they are potentially rich sources of dietary antioxidants and could provide a better understanding of how plants respond to environmental stress . on yours is own but me this him as its there should through down yourself most for by had now had from should to does and have here himself against i she further