the sun ' s next active period could by twice as energetic as the last one sun - spawned cosmic storms that can play havoc with earthly power grids and orbiting satellites could be 50 % stronger in the next 11 - year solar cycle than in the last one , scientists say . using a new model that takes into account what happens under the sun ' s surface and data about previous solar cycles , astronomers say the next cycle could start as soon as this year or as late as 2008 . they offer no specific predictions of solar storms , but they hope to formulate early warnings that will give power companies , satellite operators and others on and around earth a few days to prepare . " this prediction of an active solar cycle suggests we ' re potentially looking at more communications disruptions , more satellite failures , possible disruptions of electrical grids and blackouts , more dangerous conditions for astronauts ," says dr richard behnke of the upper atmosphere research section at the national science foundation . " predicting and understanding space weather will soon be even more vital than ever before ," behnke says . the prediction , roughly analogous to the early prediction of a severe hurricane season on earth , involves the number of sunspots on the solar surface , phenomena that have been monitored for more than a century . twisted magnetic fields every 11 years or so , the sun goes through an active period , with lots of sunspots . this is important as solar storms , linked to twisted magnetic fields that can hurl out energetic particles , tend to occur near sunspots . the sun is in a relatively quiet period now , but is expected to get more active soon , scientists say . but scientists do not agree whether the active period will start within months , late 2006 or early 2007 , or years , with the first signs in late 2007 or early 2008 . whenever it begins , the new forecasting method shows sunspot activity is likely to be 30 - 50 % stronger than the last active period . the peak of the last cycle was in 2001 , the researchers say , but the period of activity can span much of a decade . the strongest solar cycle in recent memory occurred in the late 1950s , when there were few satellites aloft , no astronauts in orbit and less reliance on electrical power grids than now . what would happen on earth ? if a similarly active period occurred now , the impact would be hard to predict , according to joseph kunches of the national oceanic and atmospheric administration ' s space environment center in colorado . " it ' s pretty uncertain what would happen , which makes this work more relevant ," kunches says . " what we have here is a prediction that the cycle is going to be very active , and what we need and what we ' re of course working on is to be able to predict individual storms with a couple days or hours in advance so the grids can take the action ," behnke says . itself who yourselves by over is then such me not doing yourselves at up they what your our above most very your s before not why