snuppy , on the right , with the three - year - old male afghan hound whose somatic skin cells were used to clone him two dna tests have backed claims by disgraced south korean scientist professor hwang woo - suk that he made the world ' s first cloned dog , snuppy . the investigations are published today by the journal nature , which printed the original research last august , five months before hwang was exposed as a fraud for his work in stem cells . snuppy , short for seoul national university puppy , initially stirred admiration among scientists as dogs are among the trickiest of animals to clone . but this feeling quickly ceded to suspicion when the stem cell scandal broke . one of the inquiries was conducted by a panel at the university , where hwang carried out the work at the college of veterinary medicine , nature says . the panel had already announced in january that snuppy is believed to be a genuine clone . this investigation was then double - checked by genome specialists led by dr elaine ostrander at the us national institutes of health , using samples provided by the seoul team . the two investigations entailed making a dna fingerprint of snuppy , looking notably for microsatellites , telltale markers on the genome . they then compared microsatellites between the puppy and his genetic donor , a three - year - old afghan hound named tai ; the surrogate mother , a yellow labrador retriever ; the unidentified donor of the egg ; and other pedigree dogs . perfect match the tests showed a perfect match between snuppy and tai , confirming that snuppy was created by placing tai ' s dna in the empty donated egg , the scientists say . " it is highly unlikely that snuppy came either from extreme inbreeding or from ... twinning ," says the seoul panel . " it is virtually certain that snuppy was generated from somatic - cell nuclear transfer , as claimed ." somatic - cell nuclear transfer entails taking an egg and removing the nucleus , which is then replaced by the nucleus of an adult cell taken from the animal to be cloned . the reconstructed egg is then given a jolt of electricity or treated to a chemical cocktail to make it divide , and placed in a bath of nurturing chemicals to continue growing . the embryo is then placed in the uterus of a surrogate mother , which if all goes well brings it to term . this technique was used for the first cloned mammal , dolly the sheep , in 1997 , and has been used on a dozen other species since then . dogs , though , have been a big challenge because it is hard to acquire mature canine eggs . in contrast to other mammals , dogs ovulate when their eggs are immature . the eggs then go to a special duct to mature for two or three days . hwang ' s team cracked this problem by gently flushing out the oviduct to recover the mature eggs . the technique could be useful for conservationists who want to preserve rare species whose eggs are difficult to harvest , scientists say . in trouble with stem cells hwang , 52 , astonished gene scientists last may when he claimed to have created 11 lines of stem cells that were identical to the dna of their donors . but hwang plunged into disgrace when it was discovered that this research , published in the journal science , was fabricated . similar accusations surround a 2004 science paper in which he claimed to have produced a stem cell from a cloned human embryo . was if no t to she which here which in how or were too yours by each how before these is where herself our what will me which what all t ourselves your down his are