professor rusi taleyarkhan with his tabletop device that he says delivers cold fusion with bubbles a scientist who says he has achieved ' cold fusion ' using sound waves to make bubbles is being investigated by his current university after complaints from colleagues . nuclear engineer professor rusi taleyarkhan ' s work has been controversial since he published a study in 2002 claiming to have achieved the holy grail of energy production , nuclear fusion at room temperature . if scientists can duplicate the results and harness the technology , which is based on the process that powers the sun , tabletop fusion has the potential to provide an almost limitless source of cheap energy . many labs are working frantically to try to do so , but their efforts are difficult to substantiate and especially susceptible to being labelled as fraud . taleyarkhan , whose study was published while he was at the us department of energy ' s oak ridge national laboratory in tennessee , now works at purdue university in indiana and has also been trying to replicate his earlier findings . he says he did this in 2004 . purdue provost sally mason says her office is checking complaints from some of taleyarkhan ' s co - workers . " purdue last week initiated a review of this research and these allegations ," mason says . " the research claims involved are very significant and the concerns expressed are extremely serious . purdue will explore all aspects of the situation thoroughly and announce the results at the appropriate time ," she adds . " to ensure objectivity , the review is being conducted by purdue ' s office of the vice president for research , which is separate from the college of engineering ." something amiss ? the journal nature reports today it has interviewed several of taleyarkhan ' s colleagues who suspect something is amiss . " faculty members lefteri tsoukalas and tatjana jevremovic , along with several others who do not wish to be named , say that since taleyarkhan began working at purdue , he has removed the equipment with which they were trying to replicate his work , claimed as ' positive ' experimental runs for which they never saw the raw data , and opposed the publication of their own negative results ," according to nature . " in addition , brian naranjo at the university of california , los angeles , is submitting to physical review letters an analysis of taleyarkhan ' s recently published data that strongly suggests he has detected not fusion , but a standard lab source of radioactivity ." naranjo ' s lab reported in april 2005 that it had achieved cold fusion by heating a lithium crystal soaked in deuterium gas . engineers and physicists have been cautious about taleyarkhan ' s technique but say in theory it could work . in the original report in his original report , published in the journal science in 2002 , talayarkhan and colleagues say they created nuclear fusion in a beaker of chemically altered acetone by bombarding it with neutrons and then sound waves to make bubbles . when the bubbles burst , the researchers say they detected fusion energy . the 2004 experiment used uranyl nitrate , a salt of natural uranium . experts have been especially sceptical about cold fusion claims since britons professor martin fleischmann and stanley pons of the university of southampton held a news conference in 1989 to claim they had achieved it . fleischmann and pons were ridiculed when no - one could duplicate their efforts . theirs what should before was more into being more while s those he herself up over too through yourself our any my