sitting in cramped conditions on a long - haul flight isn ' t the main risk factor for dvt , researchers say . the cabin air quality may be to blame low cabin air pressure and poor oxygenation enhance the risk of deep - vein thrombosis ( dvt ) in susceptible passengers , a study suggests . until now , dvt has been most widely associated with remaining inactive for long periods , like in the cramped conditions of an aircraft cabin . but a study in today ' s issue of the lancet journal suggests there may be additional risk factors . dvt occurs when a clot forms in leg veins during periods of sedentary activity . the clot can then migrate to the heart , lung or brain , sometimes days or weeks later , and inflict a heart attack or stroke . even though the phenomenon has been known since world war ii , it has in recent years become a major issue for the airline industry , through lawsuits in which people who have had dvt place the blame on cramped economy seating in long flights . the airlines retort that dvt can occur long after a flight , which thus makes it impossible to establish a link , and point out that clotting can occur in other forms of sedentary activity , even from sitting and reading a book . the latest research puts the ball back into the airlines ' court , pointing the finger at cabin air quality as a potential risk factor . a team led by professor frits rosendaal of leiden university medical center in the netherlands , monitored levels of a key clotting protein called thrombin - antithrombin ( tat ) complex among 71 healthy men and women aged 20 - 39 . a total of 40 % of the people in the study were selected as they took the contraceptive pill , had a gene variation called factor v leiden , or both , conditions which greatly increase the risk of blood clotting . up , up and away the volunteers were taken onboard a specially - chartered boeing 757 for a non - stop eight - hour flight . it cruised at around 11 , 000 metres with a cabin pressure that corresponds to an altitude of 1800 - 2100 metres . blood samples were taken before , during and after the flight . a couple of weeks later , the same group underwent the same tests , but this time at a movie marathon , watching comedy and action films for eight hours . they were not allowed to drink alcohol , take aspirin or wear elastic stockings during the flight or the movies , and were asked to remain seated as much as possible . the group was monitored for the final time during eight hours of regular daily activity . after the flight , the concentration of tat complex rose by about 30 % on average across the group . it fell by about 2 % after the cinema , and by almost 8 % after the ' daily life ' experiment . the post - flight rise was overwhelmingly concentrated in just 11 of the 71 individuals , especially those who took oral contraceptives and also had factor v leiden . the findings suggest that " flight - associated factors " are the cause behind increased clot formation after a long trip , say the team , which conducted the study for the who . the researchers put the ring of suspicion around hypobaric hypoxia , a combination of low cabin pressure and a low oxygen level compared with terrestrial air conditions . who ' s most at risk ? the data also provides a useful pointer for medical help to those most at risk . there already exists an array of simple techniques or over - the - counter drugs for combatting dvt . these include cutting out alcohol on a flight , stretching one ' s legs , taking an aspirin and wearing compressive stockings that improve blood circulation . there is also a powerful anti - clotting prescription drug called heparin . this medication has side - effects , which means it should be targeted at those most at risk , such as women on the pill and with factor v leiden , cancer patients and recent surgery patients , says dr hans stricker , a doctor at the charity hospital in locarno , switzerland , in a commentary . previous studies have found a two - to - fourfold risk of dvt after air travel , while a study in 2003 estimated that dvt may occur among one in every 100 frequent long - haul air travellers , in business class as well as economy . doing only below into it but such should other only until theirs s these but they of more our any are has she i further again very ours our this but when for her don few above has once here doing no off ourselves too itself ours too is theirs where most with those did same on for are these once as is of