the deep sea is rich in unusual creatures that biotech companies are keen to exploit . this hydrothermal vent , for example , is home to riftia tubeworms mussels and scavenging crabs biotechnology companies are profiting from living resources found in the deep ocean without laws to ensure their actions are sustainable and fair , says an australian environmental lawyer . dr david leary of macquarie university in sydney says his research has revealed there are six companies selling products derived from the deep ocean and another eight developing them . " they are the main players in the biotech industry ; they ' re north american and european companies ," he says . leary says while international laws cover mining in the deep sea , no - one is mining there yet . "[ but ] we have bioprospecting and exploitation of the genetic resources of the deep sea , beyond national jurisidiction ," says leary , who describes the deep sea as one of the world ' s last remaining commons . " people are making a profit now ," he says . leary says national scientific research organisations in japan , france , us , russia , australia , canada and new zealand are also involved in bioprospecting in the deep sea . he says biotech companies rely on these public organisations for access to deep - sea resources because the companies don ' t own the specialised equipment needed to explore the deep sea . " what is difficult , because of commercial confidentiality , is getting a handle on how close industry is to government science ," says leary . cosmetics , drugs , industrial enzymes he says there are 37 patents , filed in europe and the us , on derivatives of deep - sea organisms . there are cosmetics on sale derived from microbes that survive in extreme environments found deep below the surface of the ocean , says leary , and enzymes from the same source are used in industrial processes and research . a french government agency is currently testing a bone - healing drug also made from these extremophiles , he says . and there is research into developing artificial blood from the haemoglobin of tubeworms found around deep - sea hydrothermal vents . there is also research on chemicals from corals on deep - sea mounts , says leary . as into very having few that herself were too do from while as he have where whom those a from to over so so by have being has does these few once through why can a how he doing we them themselves she but