combining alcohol with an energy drink makes you feel sober enough to drive even though you ' re over the limit , new research shows people who combine energy drinks with alcohol can feel more sober than they truly are , a new study suggests . brazilian researchers found that young men were no less impaired when they drank a mix of alcohol and a popular energy drink than when they downed a standard mixed drink . but drinkers seemed to think they were less drunk . according to research in the april issue of the journal alcoholism : clinical & experimental research , the drinkers reported less fatigue , fewer headache symptoms and better coordination . this is concerning because people who mistakenly think they are less impaired can be a danger to themselves and others , according to study co - author dr maria lucia souza - formigoni . " i think people should be aware of this effect of the combination . they feel better but they are not ' good enough ' to drive , for instance ," says souza - formigoni , an associate professor at the federal university of sao paulo . energy drinks typically consist of carbohydrates , b vitamins , caffeine and taurine , a derivative of an amino acid found in animal tissue . some studies have shown that the beverages , or their main ingredients , may improve mood and physical performance . and there ' s a popular , though unproven , belief that mixing energy drinks with alcohol can counter some of the effects of drinking . this new study suggests that while energy drinks may help drinkers feel less tipsy , they are still in fact drunk . mixing your drinks the study included 26 young men who each took part in three separate experiments : one in which they drank vodka mixed with an energy drink , another in which they had vodka mixed with fruit juice , and a third where they drank only the energy drink . in general , the researchers found that the men reported fewer headache symptoms and less weakness with the energy drink - alcohol mixture compared with the standard mixed drink . they also thought their hand - eye coordination was sharper . but the men performed no better on objective tests of hand - eye coordination and reaction time to visual cues . one of the dangers of this effect , according to souza - formigoni and her colleagues , is that drinkers , especially young ones , may feel free to drink more than they might otherwise have . depressive effects on the brain it ' s not clear , souza - formigoni says , why study participants feel less drunk when they had the energy drink even though they were still objectively impaired . but in animal research , she and her colleagues have found that some energy drinks ingredients , mostly caffeine and taurine , may counter some of the depressive effects alcohol has on the brain . the findings in humans , however , suggest that ' s not enough to avoid becoming drunk . not so doing myself down so more under our these having what theirs for am an because from before out into their into who me then if when do nor ours each are yourselves of can then or once between why is