astronomy , physics , biology , architecture and inventing . dr robert hooke tried them all . seen here , a page from his micrographia , a study of biological specimens viewed through a microscope he made himself a manuscript charting the birth of modern science , lost for more than 200 years , goes on sale this week . the journal of dr robert hooke has been hailed as ' science ' s missing link ' and has a price tag equivalent to about a $ 2 . 4 million ( us $ 1 . 7 million ). it contains details of experiments hooke conducted as curator at the uk ' s royal society from 1662 and his correspondence as its secretary from 1677 . the notes include a celebrated row between hooke and sir isaac newton over planetary motion and gravity , and the lost record confirming the first observation of microbes by antoni van leeuwenhoek . hooke was a keen observer of nature with a fascination for things mechanical but , because of ill health as a child , he was initially left largely to educate himself . a talented artist , he was sent to london when his father died to study under leading portrait painter peter lely . he went on to study first at westminster school and then christ college , oxford where he won a place as a chorister . there he studied astronomy , tried his hand at mechanical flight and rubbed shoulders with top scientists of the day . a meeting of these scientists in november 1660 founded the society for the promoting of physico - mathematical experimental learning , which in mid - 1662 received a royal charter and became the royal society of london . biologist , astronomer , physicist in 1665 hooke finally found fame with publication of his micrographia containing pictures of objects he had studied through a microscope he had made himself , and a number of biological discoveries . diarist samuel pepys said of the book that it was the most ingenious he had ever read . but his talents did not stop there . hooke discovered that jupiter revolved on its own axis , suggested that gravity could be measured using a pendulum . architect , inventor he was also a talented architect and was chief assistant to sir christopher wren in rebuilding london after the great fire of 1666 . he also suggested the presence of gravitational ' vortices ' pulling comets from their orbit , and invented the reflecting telescope , the sextant , the punched - paper record - keeper , the wind gauge , the worm gear and the wheel barometer . but he fell out with newton when he accused him of stealing from his original ideas when he produced his theory of light and colour in 1672 , and newton removed all reference to hooke from his famed principia . hooke ' s law despite hooke ' s huge contribution to science and understanding , the only innovation to bear his name is hooke ' s law , which says that the extension of a spring is proportional to the force applied . hooke died in london in march 1703 aged 67 . experts from an auction house found his journal by chance in a cupboard at a private house in hampshire during a routine valuation . been against we their up where against