astronomers have found mid - sized moonlets embedded in saturn ' s rings . but that doesn ' t fit with current models of how the rings formed minute moons just a hundred metres or so across orbit saturn within its rings , astronomers report , a finding that questions how the planet ' s majestic ring system came into being . researchers report their findings today in the journal nature . the prevailing theory is that saturn ' s rings , reflected by the distant sun , comprise the remnants of an icy moon that long ago was smashed open by an asteroid or comet . but a collision of this kind normally gives rise to debris in a wide range of sizes , from big lumps a kilometre wide to pebbles a few centimetres across . photographs and radar sensing by scout probes , though , have until now shown saturn ' s ring particles to be remarkably small , between a few centimetres to a few metres across . the only big exceptions were a pair of kilometre - wide moons called pan and daphnis that lurk within the ring system . there seemed to be nothing in the intermediate size . the missing rocks astronomers led by dr matthew tiscareno of cornell university , new york , believe they have found some of the missing medium - sized rocks . their evidence comes from data sent back by the orbiting us spacecraft cassini , which shows gaps , shaped rather like a propeller blade or an elongated teardrop , in some of the rings . tiscareno ' s team deduct that the gaps are caused by what they call embedded moonlets . these are rocks about 100 metres across that were too small to be seen in the cassini pictures but which must have briefly scattered the particles as they orbited , rather like a ship forms a bow wave and trails a wake that then closes behind it . four of the teardrop gaps have been spotted so far , and more may emerge later this year when cassini returns to the ring system to view it from a different angle . the finding is the latest evidence to suggest that saturn ' s seven rings , first spotted by galileo in 1610 according to legend , are a dynamic , continuous evolving structure . the debris becomes clustered , gets torn apart by collision and is then reassembled by saturn ' s gravitational forces and the particles ' own gravitational attraction . research presented last year found that the outermost a ring has many empty spaces . and part of the innermost d ring has become dimmer and moved closer to saturn by about 200 kilometres since it was observed by the us probe voyager in 1980 and 1981 . over will a were because own while which than which am ours