power poles damaged by cyclone larry , which hit northern australia last month . but cyclones can be a lot worse , says one expert cyclones like larry are not as intense as we think , says a cyclone risk engineer . and if we don ' t get our forecasts right , he says australia could be left unprepared for the worst . dr bruce harper , a queensland - based consultant who has a long association with the bureau of meteorology , says cyclone larry , which hit the northern town of innisfail recently , was not as powerful as people think . he says while the bureau predicted the cyclone would hit land as a category 5 cyclone , with winds of around 290 kilometres per hour , the closest weather stations showed it was a lot weaker . harper says a station at south johnstone , 7 kilometres from innisfail , showed wind speeds of 180 kilometres per hour . and the maximum speeds recorded at the nearest offshore station were at flinders reef , which measured 240 kilometres per hour . both these measurements fall within the definition of a category 4 cyclone . " my estimation is that it was a low category 4 ," says harper , who also advises local and state governments on cyclone risk and insurers on estimated losses from cyclones . " it wasn ' t 290 kilometres [ per hour ] and if it was there would be barely a house standing in parts of innisfail ," he says . " the community needs to know that cyclones can be a lot worse than this ." inaccuracy not significant gary foley of the bureau of meteorology in melbourne acknowledges the cyclone was weaker than predicted . but , he says when all the data is in , the actual wind speed will probably be calculated to be just 40 or 50 kilometres per hour less than what was predicted . " so how does that translate to a person making a response before the storm hits . do you put in a couple more nails in the roof or something ?" while harper acknowledges the bureau helped people prepare for a severe cyclone and is keen to emphasise the agency does the best with the technology and resources it has , he says a difference of 50 kilometres per hour could have a huge impact on damage . and he also thinks that even after final estimates are made the bureau will still be overestimating the strength of larry and he says such overestimates present broader problems . higher and lower estimates harper says most predictions of cyclone intensities can ' t be accurately verified because there aren ' t enough weather stations collecting data on how strong the winds really are when they hit land . but , he says , cyclone risk engineers like himself use the closest weather station measurements , along with the actual damage caused by cyclones , to make their own estimates of the strengths of cyclones once they hit land . this information is used to build models that help develop building authorities to specify standards for cyclone - proof houses . and the models help insurance companies work out how much money they need to keep aside for cyclone damage payouts . harper says estimates by cyclone risk engineers are almost always lower than those provided by meteorological predictions . and he is concerned that the more widely publicised overestimates from the bureau might lead to public complacency . it could give people a false impression of cyclone impacts and downplay the importance of building cyclone - resistant buildings , he says . uncertainties harper says one of the reasons why the bureau is overestimating the strength of cyclones is because there are huge uncertainties in their measurements . he says the satellite technology they use to measure cloud temperature as a proxy for wind speed is out - dated . it doesn ' t take into consideration the fact that cyclones can change rapidly or the fact that the size of a cyclone can affect its intensity , he says . harper says the bureau should have more radar to measure actual wind speed , and possibly fly aircraft through cyclones to collect data , as occurs in the us . and there should be many more weather stations around the country so predictions can be more easily verified and models adjusted accordingly . the bureau ' s foley agrees that , given the funds , better technology and more weather stations would give more accurate predictions but doubts it would be worth the cost . he appreciates engineers like harper would like more weather stations but says the bureau can ' t be expected to be all things to all people and given the uncertainty that exists they would rather err on the side of caution . hers you who because only through these both up or once