cockroaches make decisions as a group , new research shows cockroaches govern themselves in a very simple democracy where each insect has equal standing and group consultations precede decisions that affect the entire group , indicates a new study . the research determines that cockroach decision - making follows a predictable pattern that could explain group dynamics of other insects and animals , such as ants , spiders , fish and even cows . cockroaches are silent creatures , save perhaps for the sound of them scurrying over a countertop . they must therefore communicate without vocalising . " cockroaches use chemical and tactile communication with each other ," says dr jos & eacute ; halloy , who co - authored the research in the current proceedings of the national academy of sciences . " they can also use vision ," says halloy , a scientist in the department of social ecology at the free university of brussels in belgium . " when they encounter each other they recognise if they belong to the same colony thanks to their antennae that are ' nooses ', that is , sophisticated olfactory organs that are very sensitive ," he says . give me shelter halloy tested cockroach group behaviour by placing the insects in a dish that contained three shelters . the test was to see how the cockroaches would divide themselves into the shelters . after much " consultation ", through antenna probing , touching and more , the cockroaches divided themselves up perfectly . for example , if 50 insects were placed in a dish with three shelters , each with a capacity for 40 bugs , 25 roaches huddled together in the first shelter , 25 gathered in the second shelter , and the third was left vacant . when the researchers altered this set - up so that it had three shelters with a capacity for more than 50 insects , all the cockroaches moved into the first " house ". a delicate balance halloy and his colleagues found that a balance existed between cooperation and competition for resources . " cockroaches are gregarious insects [ that ] benefit from living in groups . it increases their reproductive opportunities , [ promotes ] sharing of resources like shelter or food , prevents desiccation by aggregating more in dry environments , etc ," he says . " so what we show is that these behavioural models allow them to optimise group size ." the models are so predictable that they could explain other insect and animal group behaviours , such as how some fish and bugs divide themselves up so neatly into subgroups , and how certain herding animals make simple decisions that do not involve leadership . important research dr david sumpter , a university of oxford zoologist , says the new study " is an excellent paper " and " important ". " it looks both at the mechanisms underlying decision - making by animals and how those mechanisms produce a distribution of animals amongst resource sites that optimises their individual fitness ," he says . " much previous research has concentrated on either mechanisms or optimality at the expense of the other ." for cockroaches , it seems , cooperation comes naturally . below below further with which them other my off until yourself after are above s was my were an hers itself her why