are your hormone levels going up ? just anticipating a good laugh is enough to increase the level of feelgood hormones in your blood , a conference has heard . previous work has shown that laughter triggers a cascade of beneficial physiological changes . but researchers presenting a new study at the experimental biology 2006 conference in the us recently say they ' ve now shown that merely anticipating " mirthful laughter " before watching a funny video has significant neuroendocrine effects . professor lee berk of loma linda university in california says people who were just about to watch their favourite funny video had 27 % more beta endorphins and 87 % more human growth hormone ( hgh ) than those who were told they ' d be reading magazines for an hour . " we believe that results suggest that the anticipation of a ... laughter ... event initiates changes in neuroendocrine response prior to the onset of the event itself ," he says . beta endorphins provide natural pain relief and low levels are associated with depression . hgh is involved in growth , development and cell maintenance and some research suggests it plays a role in maintaining a healthy immune system . gags or mags ? berk describes these effects as " the biology of hope ", and says they are linked to the anticipation of a positive mood state . in the study 16 people where asked to choose their favourite funny video . they were told three days before the experiment whether they would get to watch their video or sit in a " neutral room " and thumb through a pile of magazines . their blood hormone levels were tested just before the video was turned on , four times during an hour of video watching or magazine reading and three times afterwards . berk says the hormone levels stayed high throughout the video and afterwards . anticipation can be powerful professor nicholas keks of monash university , an australian researcher whose expertise includes hormones in psychiatry , says anticipation is a powerful emotion in terms of triggering physiological and emotional responses . " anticipation is a huge issue in areas that affect our psychology , whether it be anticipation of pleasurable activities or a bit of pain ," he says . " you just have to look at the classic example of salivation before food , or expectation of sexual activity ... i think laughter belongs in that group ." he says the physiological changes shown in the study are probably linked to the so - called " flight or fight " response of nervous system arousal . " part of laughter is a general arousal and what that will do is stimulate various hormonal and autonomic systems which go along with arousal ," he says . berk says he next wants to study cytokine and inflammatory immune responses to the anticipation of laughter . same ours but about themselves which it has that some under from he are don not hers both or itself an other