will the venus express mission yield new insights into what awaits earth ? a space probe that arrives at venus today will yield new insights into what caused the runaway greenhouse effect there and could bring a salutary warning for our own planet , scientists say . the european space agency ' s venus express will spend three years peering through a shroud of toxic sulfur clouds to glean information about the climate , atmosphere and curious ' backwards ' rotation of the so - called pressure cooker planet . it ' s also hoped the mission will help answer questions about what caused its mysterious ' resurfacing ' some 500 million years ago and whether it is being shaken by seismic activity and volcanoes . it may also provide clues about whether the earth and venus were once similar , and when and why they took such radically different paths , says dr frank mills of the australian national university , an expert in the chemistry of the venusian atmosphere who has been working with scientists directly involved in the mission . " there are many uncertainties in trying to reconstruct venus ' evolution ," he says . " some of these may be resolvable by making appropriate observations ." the greenhouse effect the uk ' s royal astronomical society says " any astronaut unlucky enough to land [ on venus ] would be simultaneously crushed , roasted , choked and dissolved ". venus ' atmosphere is 90 times denser than earth ' s and 96 % is made up of the greenhouse gas co2 . scientists say this causes a strong warming effect and heats the surface of the planet to around 500 & deg ; c . there are no signs of water on venus and its surface is apparently more arid that the driest desert on earth . associate director of the australian centre for astrobiology at macquarie university dr jeremy bailey says isotope ratios in the atmosphere suggest that venus once had oceans that have since evaporated . dr john lattanzio , from australia ' s centre for stellar and planetary astrophysics at monash university , says that unlike earth , venus lacks a co2 cycle . on earth , this cycle means the co2 gets locked into water and rock and comes back out through volcanic activity , he says . " so at any given time [ on earth ] there ' s a lot of co2 that ' s out of the atmosphere ... and it self - regulates ," he says . " venus doesn ' t have a co2 cycle because there aren ' t any oceans ." mills says the probe may also help explain whether the co2 on venus is produced by a catalytic reaction . he says the probe will also shed more light on the general processes by which atmospheric " greenhouses " work . " venus ' atmospheric greenhouse has both similarities to and differences from earth ' s ," he says , and data from this mission will allow scientists to compare the two . a mirror to our own future ? bailey says learning more about venus will help us understand where our own planet is headed . but he doesn ' t believe " anything like venus will result from the amount of co2 we ' re currently putting into the atmosphere ". rather , the earth may end up like venus over billions of years because of the increasing brightness of the sun . " in about a million years it will have increased by about 10 % and it ' s estimated that will be enough to trigger the sorts of changes that have happened in venus ," he says . mills says that venus teaches us not to take for granted that the climate on earth will always be benign and support life . " research on how venus may have evolved , what its carbon cycle is like and how volcanic activity may influence climate helps in understanding what is possible for a planet ," he says . nasa ' s deep space network , including the canberra deep space communication complex , has been tracking venus express . venus express is due to end its 400 million kilometre , five month journey around 5 . 30 pm aest ( 07 : 30 utc ) today . for more information including updates and podcasts go to the esa venus express website . ourselves where for whom out in herself of now it if that above over those not can you the me by themselves until ourselves between was other here me themselves then further t while more we but do hers