a new form of silicon is said to be easier and cheaper to make than traditional silicon , yet works just as well . but will it be good enough for future generations of computer chips ? japanese researchers have made a liquid form of silicon they say might one day be sprayed onto chips with an inkjet printer . a team led by masahiro furusawa of japan ' s seiko epson corporation , says the new form of silicon is easier and cheaper to make than conventional silicon , yet works just as well . the researchers report their work today in the journal nature . the new form of silicon comprises cyclopentasiline , a silicon - based polymer that comprises five silicon atoms joined in a ring and is liquid at room temperature . ultraviolet light is used to break open the bonds of some of the rings and let the molecules reform into long , placid chains that behave like viscous oil . the mixture is then diluted with a solvent like toluene , and is so fluid that it can be coated onto a surface by spinning , or even sprayed by an inkjet printer . the resultant liquid film is then baked at around 500 & deg ; c to turn it into a hard mosaic of flat silicon crystals whose semiconductor qualities are as good as the ultrapure slabs made by conventional refining , the researchers say . in a review of the work in nature , associate professor lisa rosenberg , a canadian chemist at the university of victoria in british columbia , says the new process has some drawbacks , as it still has to rigorously exclude air and water . but she says the ability to make silicon film by inkjet is a clear breakthrough . "[ it ] will not provide the resolution necessary to pattern a high - density integrated circuit and therefore make a computer chip ," she says . " but what it will certainly allow is the remarkably straightforward generation of simple , cheap and flexible circuits for displays , as well as a range of other applications - solar cells , x - ray detections and multi - analyte chemical sensor included ." has silicon had its chips ? analysts have long predicted the demise of silicon as a chip component due to the costs of purifying and processing it . this usually entails taking highly purified natural silicon , which occurs in the mineral silica , and heating it in a vacuum to create a mist of free silicon atoms that then condenses onto a surface . this refining requires conditions to be ultra - clean , as an intruding speck of dust or thimbleful of unwanted gas molecules can ruin the outcome . the complexity and cost have led to research into alternatives to silicon . the japanese team ' s method doesn ' t need high vacuums , high temperatures or ultra - clean environments . don t own we no further other how down further to having then once here they itself nor through few just is over while