a pump that extracts heat from sewage is being used to warm homes norwegians can now heat their homes and offices by flushing the toilet . the sewage heat pump plant , which began operating last week , uses fridge technology to tap heat from raw sewage and direct it back to the country ' s capital oslo . machines at the end of a 300 metre long tunnel in a hillside in central oslo suck heat from the sewer and transfer it to a network of hot water pipes feeding thousands of radiators and taps in the city . similar systems have been used in other parts of the world but the norwegians say theirs is the biggest . " we believe this is the biggest heating system in the world using raw sewage ," says lars - anders loervik , managing director of oslo energy company viken fjernvarme , which runs the plant . the pump uses a system of compressors and condensers and generates 18 megawatts , enough heat to warm 9000 flats or save 6000 tonnes of oil a year , he says . exploiting sewage untreated sewage from toilets , bathtubs , sinks and rainwater from the streets flows into the system at 9 . 6 & deg ; c and comes out at 5 . 7 & deg ; c after heat is extracted with a refrigerant . the energy goes to warming to about 90 & deg ; c the water in a 400 kilometre pipe system fed to offices and homes , from a temperature of 52 & deg ; c when it reaches the sewerage plant . industrial waste burning plants also heat the water . about a third of the heat energy comes from electricity driving the system and the other two - thirds is the heat from the sewer . dr monica axell , head of the international energy agency ' s heat pump centre , says the concept could be a feasible solution for many cities as long as they have the necessary infrastructure . the only problem with the system is that flow in the sewers tends to be irregular . monday mornings between 4am and 6am are especially dry in oslo because residents go to bed early on sunday . but on weekends the flow is good , says project manager for the oslo plant oyvind nilsen . " when people have been out to parties there ' s a lot of beer going into the sewer ," he says . among other sewage energy projects worldwide , us scientists are looking to generate electricity from sewage - eating bacteria . " the microbial fuel cell work is going well , but we still are not out of the lab on this technology ," says professor bruce logan of pennsylvania state university . too just your should i under yourselves than yourself too them itself under which his once over to nor who is in yourself so before your