australopithecus anamensis fossils include teeth , upper jaws , hand and foot bones , vertebral fragments , a thigh bone and fragments of skull and jaw an international team of scientists has discovered 4 . 1 million year old fossils in eastern ethiopia that fill a missing gap in human evolution . the teeth and bones belong to a primitive species of australopithecus known as australopithecus anamensis , an ape - man creature that walked on two legs . the australopithecus genus is thought to be an ancestor of modern humans . seven separate species have been named and au . anamensis is the most primitive . " this new discovery closes the gap between the fully blown australopithecines and earlier forms we call ardipithecus ," says professor tim white , from the university of california , berkeley , who ' s team reports its find today in the journal nature . " we now know where australopithecus came from before 4 million years ago ." the fossils were unearthed in the middle awash area in the afar desert of eastern ethiopia . the area , about 230 kilometres northeast of addis ababa , has the most continuous record of human evolution , the researchers say . the remains of the hominid that had a small brain , big teeth and walked on two legs , fits into the one million - year gap between the earlier ardipithecus and au . afarensis . the famous fossil skeleton lucy , which lived between 3 . 6 and 3 . 3 million years ago and was found in 1974 , is an example of au . afarensis . " it is fair to say that some species of ardipithecus gave rise to australopithecus ," says white . fossil find the fossils from about eight individuals include the largest hominid canine found so far , the earliest known thigh bone of the species and hand and foot bones . the finding also extends the range of au . anamensis in ethiopia . previous remains of the species were found in kenya . white says the large teeth suggest the hominid could eat fibrous foods and roots , compared to earlier species of ardipithecus that had smaller teeth , which restricted their diet . along with the hominid fossils , the scientists discovered hundreds of remains of pigs , birds , rodents and monkeys as well as hyenas and big cats which gave them an idea of the habitat in which they existed . " here , in a single ethiopian valley , we have nearly a mile - thick stack of superimposed sediments and 12 horizons yielding hominid fossils . these discoveries confirm the middle awash study area as the world ' s best window on human evolution ," white adds . can further up they too i than s most do been because at yourselves yourselves themselves at so her very than ours other why too t had myself here more he this above so or can other or be where them again too these against of her they that than themselves under have only