neurologists say people whose dreaming spills over into wakefulness may be prone to near - death experiences the brain ' s tendency to occasionally blur the line between sleep and wakefulness may help explain the phenomenon of near - death experience , preliminary research suggests . it ' s been an open question as to why some people see bright light , feel detached from their bodies or have other extraordinary sensations when they are close to dying or believe they might die . some people view these so - called near - death experiences as evidence of life after death , and many neurologists have considered the phenomenon too complex for scientific study . but the new research , published in the journal neurology , implicates the blending of sleep and wake states as a biological cause . researchers found that adults who say they ' ve had such an experience are also likely to have a history of what ' s called rem intrusion , where aspects of the dream state of sleep spill over into wakefulness . people may , for example , feel paralysed when they first wake up , or have visual or auditory hallucinations as they fall asleep or awaken . of the 55 study participants who ' ve had a near - death experience , 60 % have also experienced rem intrusion at some point in their lives . that compares with 24 % of 55 adults in a comparison group . arousing the body the findings suggest that the brain ' s arousal system predisposes some people to both rem intrusion and near - death experience , according to the study authors , led by dr kevin nelson , a neurologist at the university of kentucky in lexington . this arousal system , nelson says , regulates not only rem sleep , but also attention and alertness during waking hours , including during dangerous situations . and many of the features of rem intrusions , he says , parallel those of near - death experience . during rem sleep , visual centres in the brain are highly active , while the limb muscles are temporarily paralysed . so rem intrusion during peril could promote the visions of light and sensation of " being dead " that people often have during a near - death experience , according to nelson . not the whole story other evidence supports a role for rem intrusion in near - death experiences , he says . one important fact , nelson notes , is that stimulation of the vagus nerve , which connects the brain stem to the heart , lungs and intestines , triggers rem intrusion . and heightened activity in this nerve is sure to be part of the body ' s " fight - or - flight " response to danger . still , nelson says he doesn ' t think rem intrusion will turn out to be the " whole explanation " for near - death experience , and the findings shouldn ' t detract from the meaning people have taken from their experiences . " my work is spiritually neutral ," nelson says , noting the research can only look at how the brain contributes to near - death experience , and not why the phenomenon occurs . " the ' why ' can ' t be addressed by scientific inquiry ," he says . during yourselves her whom himself our themselves if because a if s those can after after if with a when again your an he below myself his t can there here where should below but