erosion can affect the rate at which mountains in new zealand grow , says a researcher mountains eroded by the wind and rain can actually grow larger , according to a canadian geophysicist . associate professor russell pysklywec of the university of toronto says he is the first to predict that events on the earth ' s surface can affect geological processes hundreds of kilometres below . pysklywec publishes his research on how erosion affects the way tectonic plates collide to form mountains in the current issue of the journal geology . mountains form in a number of ways , including subduction , when two plates collide and the edge of one plate slides under the other , pushing up the crust in the process . eventually these mountains " clog up " the subduction zone , pysklywec says , and change the way the plates collide so the subduction zone shifts elsewhere . over time , the original mountains start to erode as new mountains form elsewhere in the new subduction zone . but when wind and rain wash away the material pushed up at the subduction zone , pysklywec says the subduction zone does not get clogged up and this makes it easier for the mountains to keep growing there . he says this is a paradox . after all , you ' d expect erosion to wear down mountains , not build them up . he says the rate of erosion is critical . " erosion doesn ' t really lower mountains very much because typically the erosion occurs at the same rate or less than the rate of plate convergence ," says pysklywec , who has developed a computer model to simulate what happens . natural laboratory pysklywec studied the southern alps of new zealand , which have been forming with the collision of the pacific and australian plates , a process that began 5 million years ago . he says these mountains are the perfect " natural laboratory " for studying mountain - building because they are relatively young , which makes it easier to decipher the geological processes that are going on . but , pysklywec says , his findings apply to any area of the world where plates collide and mountains form . he says the effect of erosion on deep earth processes has been ignored because it is hard to imagine how erosion , which typically removes 1 centimetre of surface soil per year can affect 100 - kilometre - thick tectonic plates . " but you have to multiply that by 5 million years ," he says . " and all of a sudden it ' s not 1 centimetre of material , it ' s tens of kilometres of material that you ' re taking away ." a hot topic in tectonics australian geophysicist , dr wouter schellart of the australian national university in canberra says researchers have been studying the effect of erosion on tectonic processes . but geologists are debating what effect it has . previous research has focused on the first 30 kilometres of the earth ' s crust , he says . but pysklywec ' s research shows erosion can impact processes deep down as far as a few hundred kilometres . yet schellart wonders whether this latest research applies to mountains other than those in new zealand . and he says the model doesn ' t account for where eroded sediment is deposited . " in real life it ' s normally deposited right in front of the mountain belt ," he says , adding that this will push both plates downwards . he also says the rocks making up the earth ' s crust in pysklywec ' s model are weaker than they should be , which potentially overestimates the effect of erosion . as above there what own of