they ' re in here somewhere researchers have made a new kind of fabric bag that can detect its contents and alert the owner when something is missing . the ladybag , aimed at young professional women , could put an end to leaving the house without the mobile phone , house keys or wallet . " we are a group of six women on the team . we came up with the bag idea because we thought that all of us would use it ," says team member ginny mesina , a student from canada ' s simon fraser university . mesina and the team developed the idea as part of a course project , which placed students from the university ' s interactive arts degree and the information technology degree together . to design the bag , the students used off - the - shelf technology . they embedded a radio frequency identification ( rfid ) reader , which is powered by a 9 volt battery , into the bottom of the bag . they then wired the reader to a screen - like panel in the front of the bag , which contains three patterns of light - emitting diodes . each pattern is an icon representing an essential item that the owner does not want to leave home without . in the prototype , these items are a set of keys , a wallet , and a mobile phone . they then attached an rfid sensor to each of those items . as long as each item is missing from the ladybag , its corresponding icon lights up . as the keys , phone , and wallet are each placed into the bag , the icon blinks off . " i always forget my phone , but always remember my handbag . this is a great solution ," says industrial designer rosanna kilfedder , a master ' s degree candidate at scotlands heriot - watt university in edinburgh . kilfedder designed the suntrap handbag , a solar - powered bag that absorbs sunlight by day and then lights up when it ' s dark to help search for items inside . " i believe because people have seen how technology can make their everyday lives easier , they now want more traditional products updated to offer the same benefits ," says kilfedder . and for their younger sisters the ladybag team aims their product at 20 - something women , but another version is designed to appeal to the preteen and teenager . that ladybag is equipped with a light - emitting diode screen that contains seven different expressive face patterns . five sensors located in different areas on the bag pick up various force and motion generated by the bag ' s owner and then translate that into one of the seven different light patterns . for example , if the person fiddles frantically with the bag , the face with a worried look will light up . if the owner hugs the bag , a happy face emoticon will light up . according to mesina , the team has had a wave of unexpected attention and will be talking with the university ' s technology transfer department about patenting the ladybag . again was down or me did when