the uk ' s mainstream power providers have caught onto wind power , technology they once dismissed environmental activists are driving commercial innovation and seeding new mainstream industries , a uk study says . university of sussex researchers carried out the study for the uk ' s economic and social research council . the study says rather than putting up hurdles to economic progress , radical activist groups and proponents of a greener lifestyle are driving developments in mainstream businesses like wind energy , organic food and eco - housing . " activists often struggle to keep projects going and fail to produce the radical transformations they originally envisaged ," says author dr adrian smith . " this lack of breakthrough inclines them ( and others ) to underestimate the effect of their ideas . " but we found that although their influence is more subtle and beyond their control , it is still hugely significant in many cases ." australian sustainability pioneer and engineering lecturer at the university of technology sydney , michael mobbs , says the report rings true for him . the environmental lawyer was renovating his sydney home in 1996 when he decided to put in sustainable features , including a water tank , a reused sewage system and solar panels . at the time people thought he was " frothing at the mouth or somehow abnormal ", he says . ten years later , 17 , 000 people have toured his home and he advises policy makers , developers , builders , architects , engineers and " mainstream , middle class australians ". " there are now laws requiring rain tanks and many of the things i did that were regarded as weird and stupid are now in red tape ," he says . " the engineers who were once critical of me are now describing themselves as sustainability experts ." mobbs is currently helping western australia ' s department for planning and infrastructure design a sustainable village at gracetown . tamra lysaght is the managing director of australia ' s national invention centre , which helps innovators commercialise their ideas . australia may be lagging behind europe in taking up the ideas of fringe groups because she says australia ' s environmental problems aren ' t as pressing and there ' s less government support for sustainable projects . she says while the centre doesn ' t usually deal directly with activists , aspiring inventors often put an environmental spin their product as a " selling point ". lysaght says no one single group can be credited with driving change and a move to more sustainable industries is a response to a network of social and economic factors . she also says environmental activist groups can sometimes be an impediment to the development of potentially beneficial technologies , such as nuclear power . " the environmental movement has certainly been a key player in curtailing the nuclear power industry in australia and globally ," she says . " but whether you view that as good or bad depends on which side of the fence you ' re sitting on ." the report supporting and harnessing diversity ? experiments in appropriate technology can be downloaded from the research council ' s website . he is our he all for have himself here t has just itself a if were this her down so why with our whom how hers through how own why below most himself to the me more ours having whom that have how yours am