gravity and not colliding space rocks made neptune and the other giant planets tilt , according to a new hypothesis an early gravitational dance made the giant planets tilt , an astronomer suggests . the shift probably happened billions of years ago when the bigger planets in our solar system were closer together than they are now , and the gravity of each one pulled on the others , writes argentinian researcher dr adrian brunini today in the journal nature . this " neutral gravitational interaction " caused jupiter , saturn , uranus and neptune to have tilted axes that were determined as they moved through the solar system to take their current positions far from the sun , says brunini , from the facultad de ciencias astronomicas y geofisicas in buenos aires . this is a departure from an earlier theory that holds that the massive planets ' tilts , or obliquities , were caused by collisions with earth - sized space rocks during the early period of the solar system . " this model has some problems that were not clear how to solve ," brunini says . " for example , we believe that such a big object never existed in the outer solar system ." gravity on gravity brunini used numerical models to show that the outer planets ' obliquities could have been created by gravitational interactions . all the planets in our solar system have tilted axes but the bigger ones have axes that lean at a constant angle , while the smaller ones like earth have obliquities that can change . despite the potential for change , earth ' s axis has been leaning at about 23 & deg ; for millions of years and is almost completely stabilised by the moon ' s gravitational pull , brunini says . but mars ' axis might change over tens of millions of years . earth ' s tilt stable but crucial for humans , the reliability of earth ' s tilted axis is important as it is responsible for the change of seasons . at the point in its annual orbit where earth ' s northern hemisphere leans away from the sun , it ' s winter ; when the southern hemisphere tilts away , it ' s winter south of the equator . while the more massive planets have stable obliquities , they range in size from a nearly perpendicular 3 & deg ; for jupiter to about 97 & deg ; for uranus , brunini says . but any she this nor just what himself further why our will not my there as in