resting your forearms on a soft support as you type seems to reduce your chance of pain in the neck , shoulders , arm , wrist or hand office workers who use a simple forearm support might avoid the pain that can come with long days at the computer , new research suggests . in a year - long study of 182 workers at a call centre , researchers found that those who received forearm supports for their desks were less likely to suffer pain in the neck , shoulders , arm , wrist or hand . they were also less likely to be diagnosed with a musculoskeletal injury in the neck or shoulders , according to findings published in the latest issue of the journal occupational and environmental medicine . the forearm support used in the study was a padded board that attaches to the front edge of workers ' desks . the support is placed right under the " meaty part " of the forearm , positioning computer users ' arms in a way that releases tension in the shoulder muscles , says lead author professor david rempel from the university of california , san francisco . based on these findings , employers should consider providing forearm supports to workers who spend substantial time in front of a computer , rempel says . the results were less positive , though , for a trackball , a large ball installed next to the computer keyboard that takes the place of the mouse . while it did ease some workers ' discomfort , others found it hard to use , rempel says . the study included employees at a large insurer ' s call centre , all of whom spend their workday at a computer . some workers received a forearm support for their desks , while others received a trackball . all employees were also given ergonomics training so they could learn how to make their entire workstation more comfortable . over the next year , rempel ' s team found workers who used a forearm support were half as likely as those who received only ergonomics training to be diagnosed with a neck or shoulder injury . they also reported less pain in the neck , shoulders and right arm . the cost of forearm supports is not negligible , rempel says . but in a cost analysis , he and his colleagues found that the supports could be a worthwhile investment , considering the potential savings in medical and workers ' compensation expenses . " they would pay for themselves in about 10 months ," rempel says . but forearm supports alone are not sufficient , according to the researchers . rempel says all employees should receive proper safety and ergonomics training to reduce their chances of on - the - job injuries . can him these i a any what did all they he then why down so me on herself itself does being for too you