imaginary playmates are a sign of a rich fantasy life , but can also hint at problems , researchers say children with imaginary friends have more vivid daydreams than other children , a new study shows for the first time . australian researcher dr paula bouldin of deakin university shows that children with imaginary friends also tend to have more " mythical content " in their dreams . they spend more time daydreaming and have an ability to " almost ... see and hear the contents of their daydream in front of them ". it may appear obvious that children with imaginary friends have a richer fantasy life than those without , but to date there has been little specific research into the area . bouldin says her work , reported in the journal of genetic psychology , finally provides evidence of this . she questioned 74 children aged between three and eight , half with a current or past imaginary friend . the group with imaginary friends reported more mythical content in their dreams , had more frequent and more vivid daydreams and were more likely to play games with a mythical content . when imaginary friends turn nasty dr louise newman , a child psychiatrist and the director of the new south wales institute of psychiatry , says the study confirms what has long been suspected . but she says further research needs to look at the psychological and emotional function of imaginary friends . newman says while some imaginary friends function as sort of " super peers " or the " perfect playmate " they can also be a sign of emotional disturbance . " there are some cases in which children have those companions because they might be lonely , distressed or unable to put into words things that are concerning them ," she says . " some friends ... can be quite persecutory or frightening , they might torment the child , or express doubts , tell them they ' re stupid or bad ." newman says while imaginary friends are quite common in younger ages , they are more likely to be associated with emotional or family problems in children over the age of about seven . adults with imaginary friends most children grow out of imaginary friends , newman says . but in some cases an imaginary friend can emerge in adulthood , usually in response to trauma , inability to cope with stress and sometimes psychotic illness . in rare cases some adults develop what ' s known as doppelganger syndrome , which occurs when they believe a twin or invisible friend accompanies them . " other people believe in angels and guardian angels , and they don ' t think there ' s anything out of the ordinary about that ," she says . bouldin says her study suggests children with imaginary friends can readily access fantasy themes and may develop sophisticated information processing skills . but she says it could also be that children with imaginary friends are simply more willing to discuss their fantasies than those without . where had