genetically modified viruses that line up and conduct electricity could be the basis of a new generation of batteries genetically manipulated viruses could replace standard lithium - ion batteries , packing two to three times more energy than other batteries , researchers say . the virus batteries could be thin , transparent , and lightweight , according to a us study published online recently in the journal science by professor angela belcher of the massachusetts institute of technology and team . because less material is devoted to packaging , more of the battery is used just for generating power . " what we ' re trying to do is have all of the mass and volume be used for the purpose it is to be used for , which is to power the device ," says belcher . the researchers say such a battery should last as long as conventional batteries . and it could power anything from microelectronics , including chemical and biological sensors , ' lab on chip ' devices , and security tags to larger items such as mobile phones , computer displays and even electric cars . building batteries , like building anything , requires assembly . the smaller the battery , the more challenging that is . current manufacturing techniques involve arranging nanoparticles , nanotubes , or nanowires on surfaces using expensive , high - temperature methods . belcher and her team decided to capitalise on biology ' s inherent knack for organising microscopic structures and apply it to battery technology . viruses acting like wires ? to make the viruses work like conducting wires , the scientists genetically altered the organisms so that proteins on their surfaces would be attracted to metal particles , including cobalt and gold . four different solutions went into the battery component : a negatively charged polymer , a positively charged polymer , negatively charged viruses , and charged particles , or ions , of cobalt . the scientists spread the negatively and positively charged polymer solutions onto a glass slide in alternating layers . next , they dipped the slide into a solution containing millions of the altered viruses . the wire - like viruses automatically spread themselves evenly across the slide , as they have a natural tendency to slightly repel each other . when the slide was dipped into the ion solution , proteins on the surface of the viruses attracted the metal ions , causing the organisms to become , essentially , conducting wires . and because viruses naturally replicate , scientists say that growing more to make many batteries shouldn ' t be hard . " all you do is grow them in a bigger fermenter and you ' re done . once you do , there ' s no roadblock to scale up to industrial level production ," says brent iverson , professor of chemistry and biochemistry at the university of texas at austin . building anodes and cathodes when the polymer solution dries , it becomes a transparent anode , the battery ' s positively charged terminal . a piece of film about 10 centimetres by 10 centimetres contains about a billion conducting viruses . belcher and her team are working next to produce the negatively charged cathode with the viruses and believe they will have a working prototype in about two years . all but were ours be below doing than had what them did him my there how some herself t ourselves their how here under very what can than we against both itself in about most she all me does then then if who to me your