a new domestic windmill could help bring wind power closer to home , and be safer for birds people could soon generate their own wind energy with a new type of domestic windmill that plugs straight into the grid . the windmill , which is still at the prototype stage , differs from others already available as it needs fewer components to operate and is said to be cheaper . its australian developer , the solarshop , in adelaide says it ' s also safer for birds compared to larger windmills . the company this week received a commercialising emerging technologies grant from the australian government to develop the product further . current domestic - scale wind turbines produce around 24 to 48 volts and rely on costly inverters to convert this to 240 volts , says adrian ferraretto , managing director of the solarshop . the new generator will eliminate the need for an inverter , the company says , and will be cheaper than alternatives on the market . feeding electricity back into the grid enables a householder to turn their electricity meter backwards and get credit on their electricity bill . ferraretto says that over a year , with an annual average wind speed of 6 metres per second , the generator would produce around a $ 2000 worth of electricity . wind farms typically require an annual average wind speed of 8 metres per second , he says . not quite roof - top the windmill needs a windy area , free of nearby trees and buildings , to work . " it ' s really site - specific ," says ferraretto . " you don ' t want to put it in the wrong spot or you ' ll be throwing your money away ." " we think the main market will be coastal acreages around australia and the world ." he says people will probably prefer to mount the generator on a free - standing tower away from the house . " people with beautiful homes wouldn ' t want one of these on their roof ," says ferraretto . her up at i can t herself its which which which s very until by those while now most can while of t itself yourself own its did because and had don not herself doing had if