some of us are ' extreme dreaders ' whose brains register more than simple fear anyone who has ever waited in dread for the dentist may find some comfort in the findings of a new brain study . for some people , researchers say , the waiting is indeed the hardest part , and finding a distraction might help . their study , published in the journal science , used the brain - imaging technique of functional mri to investigate the neural mechanisms underlying dread . the researchers looked specifically at the agony of waiting to have a painful procedure among 32 volunteers who agreed to have a series of electric shocks to the foot . some of them dreaded each shock so much that they repeatedly opted to have a higher - voltage jolt just so they could get it over with more quickly . these individuals , dubbed ' extreme dreaders ', showed greater activity in a brain region related to both pain and attention . the findings , say the researchers , indicate that dread arises not from simple fear , but from the brain ' s attention to the unpleasant event . " the dread is often worse than the event itself ," says lead study author dr gregory berns , a professor of psychiatry and behavioural sciences at emory university school of medicine in atlanta . he says the brain - imaging results are good news because they indicate that extreme dreaders can do something to alleviate the problem . they can find a distraction - such as meditation , exercise or some other activity - to take the focus off the anticipated event . shocking results for the study , berns and his colleagues took brain images of volunteers who agreed to endure electrical shocks to their feet . first , each jolt was preceded by a cue that told participants how intense it would be , for instance 60 % of their maximum pain tolerance , and how long they would have to wait for it . in a second go , participants were presented with choices on how each shock should be delivered , with the voltage and timing of the jolt as the variables . for example , they could choose between having a shock at 90 % of their maximum pain tolerance delivered in the next 3 seconds , or one at 60 % intensity in 27 seconds . extreme dreaders of the 32 volunteers , nine ( the extreme dreaders ) consistently opted for the stronger shock to avoid the longer wait . this may seem illogical to many people , berns says , but for extreme dreaders avoiding the anguished wait makes sense . and it was the extreme dreaders who showed particularly high activity in the brain ' s so - called pain matrix during the build - up to their electrical shocks . activity was specifically high in areas related to attention , but not in those associated with fear and anxiety . in other words , extreme dreaders were giving more attention to their foot than ' mild dreaders ' were . until of are