it may look like farmyard junk but new research says it paints a unique picture of our agricultural heritage , so has great cultural value farm ' graveyards ', those piles of abandoned vehicles and rusty machinery that dot rural landscapes , are like cherished living photo albums and family heirlooms . that ' s the conclusion of di smith , a phd candidate at flinders university of south australia , after studying the archaeology of farm graveyards . her study , believed to be the first of its type in australia and possibly the world , found these graveyards , are part of our cultural heritage and of great archaeological value . " i was looking for the answer to my questions of why do farmers keep all these abandoned vehicles and machinery on their property , why do they keep them for so long , and what do they do with them ?" smith says . smith sent out questionnaires to 800 farmers - including woolgrowers , crocodile farmers , grain croppers , pig and avocado farmers - across australia . of the nearly 150 farmers who responded , 60 % said they had farm graveyards , many of them inherited . of those that didn ' t have sites , many said they used to have one and regretted getting rid of it to the scrap dealer . " to farmers [ these sites ] were very special and had a very useful purpose in recycling . it became very clear to me that they were not just rubbish dumps where [ farmers ] disposed of stuff and never looked at it again ," smith says . she followed up her questionnaire by conducting detailed artefact surveys and inventories , mapping the sites and recording the histories of 16 farm graveyard sites across south australia and victoria . she then looked at sites in alberta , canada . sites in australia and canada share many similarities , smith says . "[ but ] canadian farmers were very neat in their approach , often lining [ their equipment ] up in neat rows along fences , so that they are very accessible ." both countries ' farmers are inventive when it comes to recycling , for instance , using old machinery for spare parts . smith says her research gives important insight into the deeper meaning these sites hold for farmers and their families . " they have an important meaning as an agricultural heritage . it tells farmers who they are , where they ' ve been and where they might be going to as far as a place that encapsulates their cultural heritage ," she says . " to them , [ the graveyards are as valuable as ] a museum collection or a photo album . because they can walk through it , and visit all these old friends along the way ." smith ' s research , which is being showcased during national archaeology week next week , is being considered for publication .