planetary system around the star hd 69830 , with its three neptune - sized planets and an asteroid belt scientists looking for planets around stars beyond the sun have found a system that contains an asteroid belt and three neptune - sized worlds , one of which orbits in a zone where liquid surface water could exist . although the planet ' s location could theoretically support life , researchers believe it is wrapped in an extensive hydrogen atmosphere and probably not suitable for life as we know it . nevertheless the finding , which is reported in the latest issue of the issue nature , is considered a key development in the continuing push to find earth - like worlds elsewhere in the universe . the trio of planets circle hd 69830 , a pale sun - like star about 41 light - years away in the constellation puppis . astronomers using the infrared spitzer space telescope previously discovered that hd 69830 probably has an asteroid belt in orbit . if true , the star would be the first similar in mass and age to the sun to have one . the researchers also predicted that a planet ' s gravitational tug was helping to keep the belt in order . with that hint and a sophisticated light - splitting spectrograph on the european space agency ' s 3 . 6 - metre telescope in la silla in chile , astronomers spent two years studying miniscule wobbles in the star ' s orbit . through the telescope they found three planets orbiting within the same distance that earth orbits the sun . surprisingly , the hunt turned up no sign of a large jupiter - class planet , making hd 69830 the first extrasolar planetary system without a massive planet . " the planetary system around hd 69830 clearly represents a rosetta stone in our understanding of how planets form ," says co - author professor michel mayor , a swiss astronomer from the observatory of geneva . " no doubt it will help us better understand the huge diversity we have observed since the first extra - solar planet was found 11 years ago ." hunting for more planets although hd 69830 ' s planets are still 10 to 18 times bigger than earth , the discovery is encouraging to researchers who are refining their planet - hunting techniques to find smaller , more earth - like worlds . " it implies that further low - mass planets will be spotted orbiting other stars ," writes harvard university astronomer professor david charbonneau in a related article in nature . computer simulations indicate the innermost planet is probably rocky , like earth . the middle one is a combination of rock and gas and the outer planet , which is the one predicted to lie in the zone of habitability , is estimated to have a rocky - ice core and a massive envelope of gas . researchers believe the system is stable . same ours having more so over were has will few doing t whom most same such once a through do ours yourself through that by me our between same have then above on s each hers our both any through have both out them they once out other can into herself this doing she once this own some had then because all himself