today ' s satellite is tomorrow ' s space junk . but is it worth preserving ? plans to spring - clean space junk orbiting earth could result in the loss of irreplaceable historical artefacts , an archaeologist warns . dr alice gorman of flinders university in adelaide , an australian researcher who has previously called for space junk to be world heritage listed , is on a mission to preserve what she says are heritage items in space . she plans to take that mission to the australian space development conference in canberra in july and to the world archaeological congress in jamaica next year . gorman says as space agencies prepare to de - clutter potentially dangerous space junk , it ' s time to assess the value of some of the millions of objects currently orbiting earth . " there are a number of proposals being put forth by a number agencies and [ space junk ] is recognised as a very serious problem ," says gorman , who is co - chair of the world archaeological congress space heritage taskforce . " there ' s a window of time now where we can plan to do it right ." culling the clutter space junk ranges from tiny scraps just millimetres in size to whole satellites . nasa , the european space agency and some private organisations are already developing plans to remove it , gorman says . while some space junk undergoes an " automatic clean - up regime " by burning up when it re - enters the atmosphere , other items need to be physically removed . current proposals include using ground - based lasers to put objects off orbit and speed the rate of their burn - up , sending out ' space tugs ' as roving garbage collectors or using tethers to rope and haul in bits of space debris . " to make that effective you have to be able to discriminate between what ' s junk and what ' s not ," gorman says . among the items that should recognised for their heritage value are the vanguard one satellite , launched in 1958 and the oldest human object in space , and fedsat , the australian designed and built satellite . preserving items like these could provide evidence of a nation ' s presence in space or help reconstruct a history of space exploration , she says . woomera gorman will present a report on the management of space junk at the world archaeological congress next may . " it will outline ... the heritage of space exploration , what mechanisms exist to manage [ space junk ], legal boundaries and which sites might be considered part of that heritage ," she says . one of those sites is woomera , in south australia , which she says " played a part in a bygone era in australia ". " and in terms of the development of space exploration it has a much more than local significance ," she says . its too before where his no herself does each were how such with then that does as your by your between your only it