scarecrows have moved away from the veggie patch . hi - tech scarecrows are now scaring birds away from fish farms , with help from the web and a mobile phone a computerised scarecrow could be the next defence against unwanted birds , its us developers say . the intelligent scarecrow , designed by computer science and engineering students at the university of south florida in tampa , uses a computer , an internet camera and imaging software to detect birds around fish ponds . in response , the scarecrow makes loud noises or powerful bursts of water to scare the birds away . fish farmers go to great lengths and sometimes expense to keep fish - eating birds at bay . deterrents include everything from tethered balloons , netting and bird - chasing dogs to propane cannons , pyrotechnics and motion - sensitive sprinklers . but most methods don ' t work well , are expensive or loud . the intelligent scarecrow is dressed in like an american football player , with helmet and baggy jersey . but it is brains , not brawn , that make it a threat . the helmet conceals an internet - enabled videocamera that takes in a wide field of view , which can be accessed via a website . a microprocessor with image processing software the students wrote scans for colour and shape differences between frames . if the software sees bright orange , it will not trigger a response . so a farmer wearing a bright orange vest can tend crops without being seen as a threat . but other changes trigger sprinklers to the right and left of the scarecrow to shoot out powerful jets of water up to 9 metres . blasting the birds the device can also blast loud sounds , such as a shotgun noise or the cry of a predatory hawk , through nearby speakers . and because it ' s internet - enabled , the scarecrow can send a text message to a mobile phone or an email to a computer alerting the farmer of threats . " as far as the bird is concerned , this thing is intelligent ," says associate professor ken christensen , who oversaw the students ' development of the intelligent scarecrow . but the scarecrow may have a long way to go before it stands post over a pond , says craig watson , director of the tropical research laboratory at the university of florida in ruskin . " the area it would cover is not practical with a 10 - to 100 - acre fish farm ," he says . and unless the scarecrow can move around regularly , the birds will become accustomed to it and no longer see it as a threat . christensen and his students are now working to extend the scarecrow ' s predator detection range and water - spraying accuracy and range . they can that of with yourself his has below before her our itself to this does than that through because over under did don most