scientists have found the centre in the brain that controls your ability to wiggle your ears human ears can wiggle as well as produce their own sounds , and now researchers have a better understanding of how these unusual processes work . since ear wiggling involves complex coordination of facial muscles , research on it could shed light on related disorders , such as bell ' s palsy , which can cause facial paralysis . the research into sounds made by the ear , meanwhile , is surprisingly illuminating when it comes to gender and sexuality issues . it turns out heterosexual men and women and homosexual women appear to produce different levels of ear noise . ear wiggling while most of us produce sound from our ears , the ability to wiggle them in a controlled and detectable way is not as common . " the mechanism behind ear movements is sophisticated ," says bastiaan ter meulen , who led the ear wiggling study , accepted for publication in the journal clinical neurophysiology . unlike other facial muscles , ear muscles have their own accessory nucleus , a control area for muscle function , in the brainstem , says ter meulen , a researcher at erasmus mc , a university medical centre in rotterdam , the netherlands . " compared to animals , especially bats and cats , this nucleus is rather small in humans ," he says . he says that a muscle involved in eye movement also directly controls ear motion . that ' s why when we look left or right , our ears slightly withdraw on both sides . breathing and swallowing are also linked to ear movement through muscles and neuronal pathways . ter meulen and team made these determinations after conducting an eeg , or brain wave test , on a 43 - year - old woman who lost consciousness and experienced rhythmic bursts of ear movement . their study marks the first time such ear muscle activity has ever been documented in an eeg . noisy ears another team of researchers analysed noises made by the inner ear that are like echoes that occur in response to clicks , such as pencil tapping , or distortion , such as a bad radio signal . dr dennis mcfadden , a professor of psychology at the university of texas at austin , and his colleagues , measured the strength of these otoacoustic emissions , or ear - produced sounds , in rhesus monkeys and spotted hyenas . their studies have been accepted for publication in the journal hormones and behavior . the scientists found that , as for humans , the sounds were stronger in females . during the breeding season , the differences between the male and female ear sounds became even more pronounced , suggesting that hormones affect the emissions . because male and female spotted hyenas are more androgynous when young , the researchers expected that their otoacoustic emissions would be similar . as predicted , measurements of the echo - like ear sounds obtained from nine male and seven female hyenas were similar . sexual orientation factor in a prior study , mcfadden found that the sounds produced in the inner ears of homosexual and bisexual women were weaker than those emitted from the ears of heterosexual women . since men also exhibit weaker echo - like sounds in the inner ear , mdfadden says the results suggest the inner ear and some unknown brain structures may play a role in sexual preference . " the inner ear may be a valuable non - invasive window into events that occur during brain development and sexual differentiation ," he says . most into as but me her be you her in myself under then having too until ourselves theirs been while which ourselves is with did by further an s more only does than if each our themselves if any very through while i own am itself just themselves you theirs having ours only than yourself