researchers used chimp poop to confirm the origin of hiv the closest viral relative to hiv has been traced , for the first time , to wild chimpanzees , confirming the theory that these creatures are the original source of aids . a team led by dr beatrice hahn of the university of alabama at birmingham report their study of wild chimpanzees from southern cameroon , in today ' s issue the journal science . " it says that the chimpanzee group that gave rise to hiv ... this chimp community resides in cameroon ," says hahn , who has been studying the genetic origin of hiv for years . in people , hiv leads to aids but chimps have a version called simian immune deficiency virus ( siv ) that causes them no harm . to date siv has been found in captive chimps but hahn wanted to show it could be found in the wild , too . her international team got the cooperation of the government in cameroon and they hired skilled trackers to locate the elusive chimps . " it is hard to track them ," says hahn . but the trackers managed to collect 599 samples of droppings from the chimpanzee subspecies pan troglodytes troglodytes . hahn ' s lab found viral dna and evidence of the virus itself in the droppings and estimated the prevalence of siv infection in the associated chimp populations . " we went to 10 field sites and we found evidence of infection in five ," hahn says . " we were able to identify a total of 16 infected chimps and we were able to get viral sequences from all of them ." widespread infection up to 35 % of the apes in some communities were infected with siv and different varieties or " clades " of the virus were found . " we found some of the clades were really , really very closely related to the human virus and others were not ," says hahn . she says chimps separated by a river were infected with different clades , and a river may have carried the virus into the human population . cameroon not the origin of the epidemic while siv has been found in cameroon the epidemic is known to have originated elsewhere . " the epidemic took off in kinshasa , in brazzaville ," says hahn . kinshasa is in the democratic republic of congo , formerly zaire , and faces brazzaville , in congo , across the congo river . studies have traced hiv to a man who gave a blood sample in 1959 in kinshasa , then called leopoldville . " so how do you get from southern cameroon to the democratic republic of congo ?" hahn asks . " some human must have done so . there is a river that goes from that southeastern corner of cameroon down to the congo river ." ivory and hardwood traders used the sangha river in the 1930s , when the original human - to - human transmission is believed to have happened . transmission still a mystery hahn ' s study suggests the virus passed from chimpanzees to people more than once . " we don ' t really know how these transmissions occurred ," hahn says . " we know that you don ' t get it from petting a chimp , or from a toilet seat , just like you can ' t get hiv from a toilet seat ," she says . " it requires exposure to infected blood and infected body fluids . so if you get bitten by an angry chimp while you are hunting it , that could do it ." hahn and team ' s study only applies to the hiv group m , which is the main strain of the virus responsible for the aids pandemic . " it is quite possible that still other [ chimpanzee siv ] lineages exist that could pose risks for human infection and prove problematic for hiv diagnostics and vaccines ," hahn and team say . aids was only identified 25 years ago . hiv now infects 40 million people around the world and has killed 25 million . spread via blood , sexual contact and from mother to child during birth or breast - feeding , there is no vaccine against hiv although drug cocktails can help control it . those can then have but through my