elephants , snakes and octopus tentacles have inspired a new type of flexible robot a robot with a flexible , trunk - like arm could one day work like an elephant to grasp unwieldy loads , say its developers . it could also navigate like a snake through the rubble of a disaster zone , or feel around inside the dark crevasses of other planets . conventional robots have rigid joints ; picture a crane - like appendage with a claw - shaped hand . but the octarm ' s nimble design allows it to move freely and adapt to its surroundings . " these robots are invertebrate robots and are good at getting into tight spaces and wriggling around ," says ian walker , a professor of electrical and computer engineering . his team at clemson university in south carolina has been working on the project for nearly 10 years . conventional robots work best when given a predictable job in a structured setting , such as a factory assembly line . but in the unpredictable , unstructured environment of a disaster zone or the surface of a distant planet , a more flexible robot is needed . walker and a team of researchers from eight institutions in the us and israel built a strong , dexterous robotic arm that uses tubes pumped with compressed air to mimic the muscles that control tongues , trunks and tentacles . a scientist uses a joystick to the control the octarm , which resembles an elephant trunk : thick at the base and tapered toward the tip . a computer responds to the joystick ' s motions by changing the air pressure inside individual tubes . for example , to move the octarm from the extended position into a coiled shape , air pressure must be increased in the tubes on the side of the arm facing up . simultaneously , air pressure decreases in the tubes on the downward - facing side of the arm . the force of increased air pressure on one side of the arm pulls it into the coiled position . to extend it again , the scientists apply air pressure the other way around . curling and lifting more complicated motions , such as curling around an object and lifting , require more sophisticated computer algorithms . developing these algorithms is one of the bigger challenges facing walker and his team . in field tests , the octarm successfully grasped balls and pieces of wood , even clinging to them , while submerged in rushing water . " the octarms are not precise or positional , but they are compliant and flexible and can conform to crazy shapes and do some things that traditional robots can ' t ," says shane farritor , associate professor of mechanical engineering at the university of nebraska - lincoln . later this year , walker and his team will be working to improve the octarm ' s precision , adding sensors and a camera . before him any while been most because don against through such some i her in through their am on now that have now on the