a seed bank , to be built in the artic , will be essential to protect future agriculture , its proponents say a frozen noah ' s ark to safeguard the world ' s crop seeds from disasters will be built on a remote arctic island off norway , the norwegian government says . construction of the global seed vault , in a mountainside on the island of svalbard 1000 kilometres from the north pole , would start in june with completion due in september 2007 . " norway will by this contribute to the global system for ensuring the diversity of food plants . a noah ' s ark on svalbard if you will ," says norwegian agriculture and food minister terje riis - johansen . the doomsday vault would be built near longyaerbyen , svalbard ' s main village , with space for three million seed varieties . it would store seeds including rice , wheat , and barley as well as fruits and vegetables . it would be a remote arctic back - up for scores of other seed banks around the world , which may be more vulnerable to risks ranging from nuclear war to mundane power failures . " gene banks can be affected by shutdowns , natural disasters , wars or simply a lack of money ," riis - johansen says . loss of genetic diversity would mean losing a part of cultural heritage . " we also reduce the ability of agriculture to meet new challenges relating to climate change , population increase , and so on ," he says . the seeds would be stored at - 18 & deg ; c . if the power fails , the seeds will probably stay frozen . " the temperature there is around - 3 & deg ; c , - 4 & deg ; c in the summer but we believe that even if the freezers broke down a suitable temperature would last for months ," says grethe helene evjen , a senior adviser at the agriculture ministry . " this will be primarily a duplicate storage for plant seeds already stored elsewhere ," she says . seeds would remain the property of nations making deposits . norway would provide 30 million norwegian crowns ( u $ 4 . 94 million ) to build the vault . norway has long talked of building the arctic seed vault without previously taking action . for about 15 years some varieties of seed have been stored in a disused svalbard mine under a plan to see if they can germinate after 100 years . norway has worked with the un food and agriculture organization on the plans . it would also get financial support from the global crop diversity trust to help poor countries use the storage . under me while him each so be your because until too same again our in than of during do and so their between s because other its was being she all yourselves when both you into from too yours as me and and does ours he your at a very me further she further are s theirs has the few after