isisfordia was a small crocodile - only a metre long , weighing around 3 or 4 kilograms a new fossil from the age of the dinosaurs suggests modern crocodiles first evolved in gondwana , says an international team of palaeontologists . the team reports on the fossilised remains of the most primitive ancestor of modern crocodiles , discovered near an outback australian town in queensland , in the royal society journal proceedings b today . " up until now , the kinds of creatures that seemed to be the ancestors , or close to the ancestors , of all modern crocodiles have come from places like belgium , from england , from the usa ," says team member dr paul willis . " so that ' s where we thought the group originated ." but he says the new specimen , isisfordia duncani , shares more features in common with modern crocodiles than any specimens found in the northern hemisphere . " it really defines that branch of crocodile evolution more clearly than anything else we ' ve come across to date ," says willis , an honorary research associate at sydney ' s university of new south wales . the researchers say that , at 98 to 95 million years old , isisfordia predates modern crocodiles by about 20 million years . " ours is the grand - daddy of crocodiles ," says willis . ball and socket joints modern crocodiles are defined by having ball and socket joints between their vertebrae . and willis says this gives them a very flexible yet strong backbone . " crocodiles have incredible bursts of very violent energy and so you need a strong backbone to be able to withstand that ," he says . modern crocodiles also have a hard palate that reaches right to the back of the mouth , which means they can breathe at the same time as eating something under water , says willis . the palate also strengthens the snout , bracing it and distributing forces when the crocodile bites something . " crocodile bites are second only to tyrannosaurus as the most powerful known bites of all time ," says willis . willis says all these features would have given isisfordia and its descendants greater evolutionary advantage than its predecessors in aquatic environments . complete skeleton willis and colleagues analysed two fossilised skeletons first discovered in the mid - 1990s in a creek bed in isisford , in central - western queensland , by former deputy mayor of the town , ian duncan . one specimen is almost a complete skeleton with just the snout and face of the crocodile missing . the other is a complete skull . " between the two we have a complete skeleton ," says willis . " we know what the whole animal looked like and it ' s very rare to get that ." the researchers know the two are from the same species because they have the back of the skull of both . a small croc isisfordia was a small crocodile , only a metre long , weighing around 3 or 4 kilograms , says willis . he says it was the only known crocodile in australia at that time and wouldn ' t have had much competition . willis says it would have lived in a swampy river delta that opened into a large inland sea and survived on eating , among other things , fish and other small vertebrates , insects and crustaceans . isisfordia would have been the most immediate ancestor of all modern crocodilians , says willis . this includes crocodiles , alligators and creatures such as gharials ( long thin - snouted crocodiles that live in the ganges river ) and caimans ( close relatives of alligators from south america ). gondwana overlooked willis says this is not the first time that gondwana has been overlooked as a site of evolution . " the fossil record is loaded to the northern hemisphere because there are more sites and more people looking for fossils ," he says . " but as we ' re finding more fossils in the gondwanan continents it appears that a lot of groups that we previously thought originated in the northern hemisphere - or in laurasia - actually have older representatives here in the southern continents , and in this case in australia ." willis is a reporter on abc tv ' s catalyst program . did him where theirs then between they does below by his themselves into during t or at should while