stargazers hope to learn more about pluto and its moons during the occultation earth and pluto will move exactly in line with a star in a rare astronomical event known as an occultation . occultations occur when one celestial body moves in front of another , hiding it from view . the event , during which a faint star catalogued as ucac 2603 9859 will be occulted by pluto , will occur at 02 : 25 aest on 13 june ( 16 : 25 12 june utc ) and will last less than two minutes . teams of astronomers have travelled from around the world to view the occultation . the main visibility areas will be in new zealand and southern australia . amateur astronomers with large telescopes will also be attempting to view the occultation , good weather conditions permitting . the shadow cast by pluto , the smallest and most distant planet in the solar system , as it tracks across the earth is only 2 , 300 kilometres wide - the same as its diameter . learning more about pluto the occultation will help explain some of the mysteries of pluto ' s nitrogen atmosphere and whether it has a system of rings similar to saturn , astronomers say . it also offers one of only a few opportunities to obtain data to fine - tune experiments on nasa ' s new horizons space mission due to reach pluto in 2015 . dr mark buie , from lowell observatory in the us and a leading authority on occultations , says the occultation could provide new insights into conditions on pluto . " if the planet had no atmosphere , when it moved in front of the star the star would disappear instantly ," he says . " but an atmosphere refracts the light a little - it gets spread out , so we see the star get gradually fainter as it goes behind pluto . " the signature of that light curve , how it diminishes with time , allows us to measure fundamental properties of the atmosphere - what it ' s made of , its temperature and how extensive it is ." new zealand observations of a pluto occultation in 1988 first confirmed that pluto had an atmosphere and new data will give scientists an idea about what happens to pluto ' s atmosphere as it gets further from the sun . " we ' ve only seen pluto through a quarter of one orbit ," says buie , " and some models predict that the atmosphere will freeze right out . we ' d like to test that ." the event is even more significant because of the recent discovery of two new satellites to add to pluto ' s moon charon . " that would be fantastically exciting because it would give us a shot at constraining their size ," buie says . detailed information about the occultation can be found here . does this than once most own