hormonal changes linked to the seasons may change the shape of your body during the year seasonal changes cause fat to shift locations in our body , altering the shape of our figures at certain times of the year , according to a new study . varying testosterone levels drive the shape changes , the study , which has been accepted for publication in the upcoming issue of psychoneuroendocrinology suggests . the hormone , often associated with brawn and aggressiveness , fluctuates over the seasons in both men and women . the most evident changes occur around the waist and hip region , the study says . when testosterone levels rise , women became less curvy and fat shifts toward the waist . other research has determined that the opposite happens in men , who retain more fat in the abdominal region when testosterone levels fall . the scientists examined seasonal testosterone fluctuations in the saliva of 220 women and 127 men . they also measured the waists and hips of the female study participants over the seasons . women more curvaceous in winter " we found that women ' s and men ' s testosterone is highest in autumn ," says sari van anders , a phd student at canada ' s simon fraser university who led the research . " as well , women ' s waist - to - hip ratio ( how big the waist is relative to the hips ) is highest during autumn , and central measures of fat deposition , like abdominal fat , were also somewhat higher in autumn ( for women )." women also had high testosterone levels in summer . men showed lowest testosterone levels in spring . van anders , a doctoral candidate in behavioural neuroendocrinology , says " this suggests that patterns of fat deposition , but not overall fat , are slightly different depending on the season , with more fat being deposited in the central waist region in autumn ( in women )". the study suggests women look more curvaceous in winter and spring . men , van anders says , look manlier during spring when waist and hip size becomes more uniform and less feminine . " while we didn ' t test this , a large body of previous research has found that men find lower waist - to - hip ratios in women more attractive in western nations ," van anders says . " as well , a large body of research finds that lower waist - to - hip ratios are associated with better fertility parameters and health parameters . this suggests that women should be perceived as slightly less attractive in autumn ." the researchers don ' t know whether the changes are apparent on a conscious or subconscious level , since they occur gradually over time and do not dramatically alter appearance . it ' s all about reproduction randy nelson , a professor of psychology and neuroscience at ohio state university , and one of the world ' s leading experts on how the seasons affect humans and animals , says the study " is a novel and important finding ". " there have been previous demonstrations of seasonal changes in hormones , including testosterone , in humans , as well as seasonal influences on the timing of conception ," he says . " about 6 years ago , a graduate student of mine even showed seasonal changes in cognitive performance among people !" the scientists are not sure why these fluctuations in body shape exist . van anders says the changes might be byproducts of testosterone changing seasonally for reasons unrelated to waist - to - hip ratio , such as health , immune function , fertility and behaviour . ours until out does she his this again was down doing any all has have more here them whom a and her more to against don being once which both ours him their a here herself when myself such yourselves should or you from did because how its the but all during but myself during themselves after been after are such be a as is through