landsat image of salton sea and coachella valley , southern california - the southern san andreas fault is shown in red the notorious san andreas fault has enough pent - up energy to create a massive quake , says one seismologist , although he is not sure when the big one will occur . professor yuri fialko , of the scripps institution of oceanography at la jolla , california , reports his findings in today ' s issue of the journal nature . " the fault is accumulating stress at a high rate , but this does not suggest that a rupture is imminent ," says fialko . " when the quake will happen nobody knows ." the san andreas runs north - south along almost all of western california , passing through san francisco and running just north of los angeles , before emerging in the far south in the san jacinto fault . the land on western side of the san andreas is heading north , while the eastern side is heading south - a movement called slip . but slip , between mighty opposing plates , is a rarely a smooth affair . the pent - up friction , when released , can cause cataclysmic earthquakes . but the threat can be eased if the energy is released in minor movements , known as creep . the northern segment of the fault produced the san francisco earthquake in 1906 , and the central segment had a big quake in 1857 . but the southern segment has not produced a great earthquake for at least 250 years , so the big question is when the next " big one " will occur there . satellite images fialko looked at the critical question of creep in the southern section . he used satellite imaging from two european space agency satellites and data from gps monitors deployed on the ground to get a picture of surface movement in this area from 1985 to 2005 . fialko says his data is more complete than that used in previous studies because measurements were taken every 20 metres instead of at ground stations 10 kilometres apart . sadly , for the 18 million people of the los angeles region , he has only bad news to offer . while into been very them yourselves no on off itself from which s few against they the my her are was doing up when for should