it might be a prehistoric phenomenon but human destruction of wetlands has been faster in the last 300 years , the researchers say human damage to coastal ecology is not a recent phenomenon , say an international team of scientists : it ' s been happening since the dawn of civilization . whether they settled along the coasts of north america , europe or australia , humans have always been reducing the biodiversity of estuaries and coastal seas , say researchers publishing in today ' s issue of the journal science . " this isn ' t a blame game ," says roger bradbury , an adjunct professor at the australian national university and co - author of the paper . " people in the 20th century haven ' t started to do this - we ' ve just built on what our ancestors have done ." the upshot has been a depletion of more than 90 % of formerly important species , destruction of more than 65 % of sea grass and wetlands , and degradation of water quality , the scientists say . the team used detailed information from 12 different estuary and coastal ecosystems across the globe to build a picture of what they would have looked like before humans arrived on the scene . using mathematical models , they created a timeline for the changes that would have taken place in the numbers of different plants and animals . these models revealed that all 12 different ecosystems would have undergone the same general trajectory of change - a long period of slow decline followed by 150 to 300 years of rapid degeneration . " it ' s just the quickening of economic growth and development ," says bradbury . " everything ' s quickened up - the population has grown and we cycle through things faster now . plus we have greater control over the world than our ancestors ." by depleting the living creatures in estuaries , we ' ve also had an impact on physical aspects of the ecosystems , the scientists say . recent disasters like the 2004 asian tsunami and last year ' s hurricane katrina were made worse by the loss of mangroves and wetlands , they say . " the whole thing about estuaries is that you ' re at the interface between sea and land ," bradbury says . " when you tamper with the living things , you have an impact on physical structures ." on a positive note , the scientists report that conservation efforts in the 20th century have had some impact . they led to a partial recovery for 12 % of species , and a substantial recovery in 2 % of species , particularly for animals like seals , otters , birds and crocodiles . " things are grim in many estuaries around the world , but we know enough now to turn things around ," bradbury says . " if we start now , we have a reasonable chance of restoring them ." " this isn ' t magic ," he adds . " it ' s hard work ." their will or after as some i over other with what after few as