practitioners of feng shui say it can improve your living and working environmment . but does it also work for web pages ? chinese feng shui and the ancient indian science of vaastu shastra can boost business by helping web designers create better pages , say experts who are marrying traditional philosophies with the internet . believers in vaastu shastra say the system seeks to create harmony between people , objects and the five elements of earth , fire , water , air and space . they say it can be directly applied to the web , just as it is to home design . the philosophy of feng shui has also been used for centuries to bring balance and harmony between people and their environment . " just as the world comprises of the five basic elements , each web site has five elements and these need to be in balance with one another ," says dr smita narang , author of web vaastu . the book has proved popular with businesses . how it works " earth is the layout , fire is the colour , air is the html , space is name of the web site , and water is the font and graphics ," says narang . he says each must be chosen carefully to strike a balance with the other . narang , a vaastu expert who has spent four years analysing around 500 sites , says a web site that disregards vaastu rules will have few hits and business will suffer . an essential element of feng shui is the idea that unnecessary objects allow free flow of energy , followers say . they say this principle can also be applied to making better websites and generating more visits . a web site where the colours hurt your eyes , the music offends your ears or has too much information is probably too cluttered and does not give a positive flow of ch ' i ," says vikram narayan , a mumbai - based feng shui practitioner . the trick , narayan says , is to remove items on your web site that serve no purpose , and keep the things that serve you well . brijesh agarwal of indiamart , a company offering business solutions to small and medium - sized enterprises , says he has had mixed results on the five sites that his company has designed according to vaastu principles . " we have found that on three sites the number of hits has increased by 60 & nbsp ;% but the other two sites have not been affected ," agarwal says . " i can ' t say for definite that the positive results are due to vaastu or due to increased marketing , but i hope that vaastu has helped ." have same and because have by same been as with once he herself because our