the double vortex at venus ' south pole venus has a bizarre double vortex that whirls in the atmosphere above its south pole , a new mission to the planet has found . the unmanned venus express spacecraft spotted the " double eye ", formed by winds of super - hurricane force , in its very first swing around venus , says the european space agency ( esa ). the venus express pictures also show the presence of a collar of cold air around the vortex structure , possibly due to the recycling of cold air downwards . previous missions to venus have spotted a similar structure over the planet ' s north pole and glimpsed at stormy atmospheric behaviour at the south pole . the winds on venus spin westwards at hundreds of kilometres per hour , taking only four days to complete the rotation of a planet that is just under the size of earth . this " super - rotation ," combined with the natural recycling of hot air in the atmosphere , would logically induce a vortex over each pole , but the mystery is why there should be two vortices . " we still know very little about the mechanisms by which the super - rotation and the polar vortexes are linked ," says dr h & aring ; kan svedhem , the mission ' s project scientist . " also , we are still not able to explain why the global atmospheric circulation of the planet results in a double vortex and not a single vortex ," he says . " atmospheric vortextes are very complex structures that are very difficult to model , even on earth ." venus express is europe ' s first dedicated mission to earth ' s closest planet . it went into elongated orbit around venus on 11 april , equipped with scanners aimed at deciphering the enigmatic venusian atmosphere . the elongated orbit , lasted 9 days and ranged between 350 , 000 and 400 kilometres from venus ' surface since 7 may venus express has been circling the planet in its final 24 - hour orbit , ranging between 66 , 000 and 250 kilometres from venus . the planet seems to have a case of runaway global warming , and understanding the mechanisms that drive this could be of use in dealing with climate change on earth . venus ' s mean surface temperature is 457 & ordm ; c - hot enough to melt lead and even hotter than mercury , the closest planet to the sun . its atmosphere is 96 % carbon dioxide , with yellowish clouds of sulfur and sulfuric acid droplets . while most most in most these as more do but these about under i them such both whom few which again which was once don through than am at being these over had them has during this were our his am same now were