plants like corn could be a green source of plastics using a new technology to turn starch into other products scientists have come up with a way to produce a chemical from fruit sugar that they say is remarkably similar to one that comes from petroleum . the method , reported by professor james dumesic of the university wisconsin , madison , could put plants such as corn on par with petroleum , reducing our dependency on petroleum products and creating more environmentally friendly ones . " the nice thing about using biomass as a replacement for all these petroleum products is that it is greenhouse neutral ," saysyuriy roman - leshkov , who with dumesic and colleagues reported their findings in the current issue of science . when a plant - based product eventually decomposes or is burned , as in the case with fuel , it doesn ' t introduce additional carbon dioxide into the atmosphere , the way petroleum products do , he says . nice idea , but how ' s it done ? it ' s a great idea , but finding an efficient , cost - effective way to turn the starch into other products is difficult . molecules that come from petroleum are easy to work with and can be strung together in different combinations to produce everything from the polyester of a leisure suit to the polypropylene of a fleece jacket to the polyethylene terephthalate of a two litre bottle of soft drink . petroleum molecules are also cost efficient . almost all the petrochemical that goes into making a product ends up in the product , so there is very little waste . not so easy with biological molecules but doing the same thing with biological molecules is not so easy . " biological molecules tend to be much more complex , so because of that , doing specific chemistry to make a specific molecule is more challenging ," says brent shanks , associate professor of chemical and biological engineering at iowa state university . " you are going to have to develop new processing paradigms ," says shanks , who isn ' t a member of the research team . dumesic and his colleagues think they have developed a new paradigm . first , they dissolve sugar and water and then add a catalyst to the mix . next , they mix in an organic solvent and heat it to 180 & deg ; c . the process causes the sugar to lose three water molecules , which blend in with the rest of the water . the leftover substance becomes the chemical hydroxymethylfurfural , or hmf . hmf looks and behaves a lot like a petroleum - based molecule and could be strung together in different combinations to produce plastics and fuels . the challenge , says shanks , will be to get industry to adopt hmf . although it functions similarly to petroleum - based chemicals , it ' s still slightly different . " can the industry reconfigure to handle those slightly different properties ?" he asked . " at the end of the day , it ' s all about cost ." and his so we your