who ' s that ? monkeys recognise each other by comparing faces to an average stored in their brains , not by memorising what every monkey looks like , scientists say . and that probably also goes for people , explaining how humans can recognise faces in a fraction of a second , according to a study published online in the journal nature today . the scientists found that a monkey ' s brain did not keep track of different parts of a face , storing and then accessing the information to recognise others . instead it keeps a statistical average of the faces it has seen and uses it as a basis for comparison . " when it sees a new face it compares it to this average and then it remarks upon the differences ... and that is how the face is seen ," says dr david leopold , of the us national institute of mental health . " it elucidates how it is possible that you can so quickly and effortlessly , in just a few hundred milliseconds , recognise faces ." leopold and his colleagues pinpointed the recognition system while studying neurones in an area of the brain called the inferotemporal cortex in two macaque monkeys . the monkeys had been trained to recognise computer - generated human faces . the scientists monitored single neurones to understand how groups of the brain cells work together to recognise faces . " what we found is that the neurones in this part of the monkey ' s brain respond in a way that is extremely sensitive to the small differences in information between faces of different identities ," says leopold . average face the activity of the neurones was monitored as the monkeys were shown an average face of a person and as it was artificially morphed to the full identity . " the main finding was a striking tendency for neurones to show tuning that appeared centred about the average face ," leopold says . in psychological tests , humans identify faces in much the same way as monkeys so the researchers believe this aspect of the visual recognition system is similar in both species . the results suggest that monkeys , and possibly humans , are primed to recognise minute facial changes . facial expression is an indicator of emotion and intent , which could be crucial for survival .