the threat of bad weather can leave some people crippled with fear , psychologists say if the prospect of bad weather causes you to obsessively monitor weather reports and makes your heart pound , head spin and palms sweat , you could be suffering from severe weather phobia , psychologists say . in the first survey ever on this disorder , us researchers have found that it ' s more than just " thunder phobia " or mild anxiety about tornadoes or hurricanes . they estimate one in five people could suffer from the condition . severe weather phobics are truly panicked at the very thought of storms and can ' t function normally until the weather clears . " they get very afraid even when the possibility of severe weather is days away ," says psychologist professor john westefeld of the university of iowa . this is not the normal , healthy worry most people have and which motivates them to prepare for a storm . " they are really , really afraid ." westefeld and his colleagues published the results of a small study of severe weather phobia symptoms among 139 people in the current issue of the bulletin of the american meteorological society . a quarter of the people surveyed about how they reacted to severe weather reported enough symptoms to be classified as moderately phobic . more than a storm in a teacup symptoms include dizziness , shortness of breath , nausea , heart pounding , feelings of panic , sweating , feeling helpless , constantly monitoring tv weather reports , inability to sleep or eat and changing schedules days ahead at the possibility of bad weather . fully 76 & nbsp ;% reported having multiple symptoms occasionally . " i really don ' t know how extensive it is ," said westefeld . " it ' s clear this is definitely out there ." " there are probably several million people that have it ," says zeus flores , the creator of the supportive website stormphobia . org and a self - described storm phobic . but , flores adds , in most causes people are very good at hiding the problem , which doesn ' t help them deal with it . " often family members may have a clue , but not friends and co - workers ," flores says . severe weather phobics can feel an overwhelming dread during storm seasons and some move out of their home towns . " in my case i ' d sleep in the closet at night with a map and a flashlight to track the storm ," flores says . treating weather phobia flores was part of an experimental storm phobia treatment program that westefeld created in the 1990s . the program is based on those that treat people with a fear of flying . an expert on the subject , in this case a meteorologist , is teamed with a counseling psychologist to provide sufferers with more factual information about what they fear and teach them techniques for relaxing . one factor that isn ' t helping storm phobics in the us is the way the media covers storms , says flores . he says programs like the weather channel just used to provide weather reports . " now it ' s mtv - esque and about getting higher ratings ," he says . your they while i own it being have both can s few all does such other themselves most me yourself yourselves of a so an t while each