software that analyses how far your pupils dilate could be used to determine your age the ' red - eye ' reducing software inside digital cameras could one day be used to verify a person ' s age , us researchers say . andrew gallagher , a senior research scientist at eastman kodak , developed the technique , which has a range of applications . among them are face recognition security systems , age - progression software to identify missing children , and devices that determine whether a person is old enough to buy alcohol or cigarettes . " we found that the features related to the red - eye artefact , the pupil dilation , are very good features to tell us how old someone is ," says gallagher , who recently filed a patent on the technology . that ' s because as people age , the muscles in their eyes naturally weaken , making it more difficult for the eyes to dilate effectively in response to changing light conditions . in fact , the dilation response goes down by a predictable number : about one millimetre for every decade a person is alive . eyes close together but that ' s not the only predictable change in human eyes over time . a baby is born with adult - sized eyes . though eyes don ' t grow , the distance between them does . using this information , gallagher built software that finds the red - eye artefact in an image and then , based on the distance between the eyes and how much the eye dilates , estimates the age of the subject . currently the software can categorise a person into general age groups such as baby , child , teenager and adult . " it ' s very innovative ; i ' ve not seen it before ," says professor tsuhan chen , an expert in digital video and image processing at the carnegie mellon university in pittsburgh . " by itself , it ' s one way of recognising the age . combining it with other techniques would be the final way to approach this ." in fact , gallagher hopes to combine the red - eye feature with other face recognition techniques - such as determining the amount of hair , hair colour , and number of wrinkles - to better pinpoint age . " the idea would be to put as many features together as possible , and that would give you the most accurate reading ," he says . applications ? don ' t worry . no one will be showing up at your next birthday party with a device that calls you a liar . in fact , kodak has not yet incorporated this technology into a product . according to gallagher , it will mostly likely show up first as a way to organise and retrieve digital images . imagine calling up all of the images of your first baby , for instance . an internet version of such a system could be supported by links to advertisers selling age - related products , its developers say . some very once until is his it only again theirs with who nor through most theirs out not t before very theirs no until yourselves