a chip implanted in the brain records cell activity and sends commands to a computer a paralysed man using a new brain sensor has been able to move a computer cursor , open email and control a robotic device simply by thinking about doing it , scientists say . they believe the braingate sensor , which involves implanting electrodes in the brain , could offer new hope to people paralysed by injuries or illnesses . " this is the first step in an ongoing clinical trial of a device that is encouraging for its potential to help people with paralysis ," says dr leigh hochberg of massachusetts general hospital . the 25 - year - old man who suffered paralysis of all four limbs three years earlier completed tasks such moving a cursor on a screen and controlling a robotic arm . he is the first of four patients with spinal cord injuries , muscular dystrophy , stroke or motor neurone disease testing the brain - to - movement system developed by the company cyberkinetics neurotechnology systems . " this is the dawn of major neurotechnology where the ability to take signals out of the brain has taken a big step forward . we have the ability to put signals into the brain but getting signals out is a real challenge . i think this represents a landmark event ," says professor john donoghue of brown university and the chief scientific officer of cyberkinetics . first , implant the chip the scientists implanted a tiny silicon chip with 100 electrodes into an area of the brain responsible for movement . the activity of the cells was recorded and sent to a computer that translated the commands and enabled the patient to move and control the external device . " this part of the brain , the motor cortex , which usually sends its signals down the spinal cord and out to the limbs to control movement , can still be used by this participant to control an external device , even after years had gone by since his spinal cord injury ," adds hochberg , a co - author of the study published in the journal nature . although it is not the first time brain activity has been used to control a cursor , professor stephen scott of queen ' s university in ontario , canada says it advances the technology . " this research suggests that implanted prosthetics are a viable approach for assisting severely impaired individuals to communicate and interact with the environment ," he says in a commentary in the journal . faster , faster in a separate study , researchers from stanford university describe a faster way to process signals from the brain to control a computer or prosthetic device . " our research is starting to show that , from a performance perspective , this type of prosthetic system is clinically viable ," says stephen ryu , an assistant professor of neurosurgery at stanford . should very that until his of its was too t their most than over herself which by herself yours