as long as water is good enough to drink , researchers say it ' s good enough to clean uninfected wounds medical workers in disaster areas no longer have to wait for sterile equipment before they clean and dress wounds , thanks to australian research . professor rhonda griffiths , of the university of western sydney ' s centre for applied nursing , says as long as water is good enough to drink , evidence suggests it will be good enough to clean uninfected wounds . " we ' ve demonstrated that some of the traditional ways of doing dressings are unnecessarily expensive and labour intensive ," says griffiths . she adds that if there is any doubt that the tap water is suitable for drinking , it can be boiled before use . griffiths and colleagues recently completed a systematic review of evidence for the cochrane collaboration comparing the use of saline versus tap water to clean uninfected wounds . the review found that washing wounds , including leg ulcers , with water did not show an increase in infection or decrease in healing time , compared to using saline , she says . as a result , the cochrane collaboration is now recommending tap water is used to clean wounds in developing countries and disaster zones , says griffiths . in the community community nurses , who treat people at home , first triggered the investigation into the use of tap water to clean wounds , says griffiths . while hospitals routinely use saline or sterilised water to clean uninfected wounds , community nurses have traditionally relied on people to simply shower before they dress their wounds . " so in hospitals you had one practice ," says griffiths . " and the community had another ." both practices were based on tradition rather than evidence , she says . one of the studies included in griffiths ' cochrane review was carried out by her team . it was a six - week double blind , randomised controlled trial in southwestern sydney that studied the healing and infection rate in 49 wounds of 35 patients washed with saline , compared with equivalent patients who were washed with tap water . " we found that there was no difference ," she says . " that tells us that if you have got clean tap water that you can drink , it is perfectly safe to wash wounds with that tap water if those wounds aren ' t infected ." griffith says the research is changing the way we think about managing some types of wounds . " it ' s the cleanliness rather than the sterility [ that ' s important ]," she says . better for patients and cheaper griffiths says washing wounds with tap water would save money in hospitals , especially the cost of the disposable sterile equipment that is required when using saline . patients also prefer washing with water , she says , because they can get out of bed and take a shower . while tap water may be safe and effective , griffiths still wants to confirm the findings and find out if saline offers any advantages by carrying out a much larger randomised controlled trial . she has applied for funding from the national health and medical research council to carry out a trial involving 400 wounds . each own most why her their who can a once the them theirs all just to how just here after with yourself few any all own not why ourselves having under