can ' t a man pee in peace ? not in the us , where urinals are broadcasting public health messages if you ' re a man and the urinal you ' re standing over is talking to you , one of two things is probably happening : you ' re really drunk or the owner has installed a talking urinal in the bathroom . let ' s say , for your sake , it ' s the receptacle . then it must be the wizmark urinal communicator , a waterproof , disposable drain cover embedded with electronics that senses a visitor and then relays an audio message . the device can be programmed to play anything from beer commercials to public service announcements promoting responsible drinking . " it functions as a point of information and amusement for the male visitor ," says its inventor dr richard deutsch , a chiropractor and bioengineer , as well as the founder of us company healthquest technologies . deutsch conceived the idea while on a business trip in washington dc . on a pit stop to an airport toilet , he realised that he was staring down at a drain for about the same length of time as it took to play a commercial . he worked as an inventor for several years to develop and patent a prototype and about one year later was under way with mass production . how does it work ? the communicator is a plastic device designed to fit over the drain of standard - sized urinals . not only does the device act as a deodoriser with a disinfectant base , it also contains a proximity sensor that detects someone approaching within about 30 to 60 centimetres . a few seconds after detection flashing lights and a prerecorded audio announcement plays . the device has a 9 centimetre diameter display area containing a lenticular screen that features multiple images or text that , as the person moves toward the urinal , appear to change from one graphic to the other . just in case you are drunk , the wizmark doesn ' t want to let you get away without a warning . aside from advertising , it ' s being used to tout anti - drink - driving , safe sex , and anti - drug messages . out in the field , erm , the toilet safety officials in nassau county , new york , have already acquired 100 copies of the wizmark , funded by fines from those caught driving while intoxicated , as part of a pilot program to be distributed free to bars , clubs and restaurants . " this is perfect for the target audience we try to reach all of the time and have difficulty doing it ," says joanne mcgarry , the coordinator of nassau county ' s anti - drink driving program . mcgarry is asking participating store - owners to fill out a questionnaire about the wizmark , to gather information about its usefulness . deutsch is also working with various states and their associated health agencies on devices featuring cartoon characters or sports heroes to promote anti - drug messages in schools . from yourself were some there during