the large ground finch ( geospiza magnirostris ) competed with its smaller - beaked cousin for food . but that balance changed once the climate shifted , triggering rapid evolution a galapagos finch that helped reveal the origins of species to charles darwin has now undergone a spurt of rapid climate - driven evolution , biologists report . the medium ground finch ( geospiza fortis ), of daphne island was nudged , and then shoved , to evolve a smaller beak . this happened by the combination of competition from another finch that arrived on the island more than 20 years ago and more recent drought conditions . " it happened very fast ," says biologist professor peter grant of princeton university . he and dr rosemary grant publish their discovery in the latest issue of the journal science . in fact , it happened in a single bird generation , grant explains . the evolutionary nudging began when some larger finches settled on daphne during an exceptionally wet el ni & ntilde ; o in 1982 . in the years since , the larger g . magnirostris finches have been eating most of the larger , thorny seeds of the island ' s puncture vine plants and steadily pushing the smaller finches to rely on smaller seeds from other plants . as a result , g . fortis birds with smaller beaks that did not compete with the larger birds did better , and were more likely to have offspring . that essentially enriched the gene pool with small beak genes and led to more g . fortis with smaller beaks . but the matter really came to a head in 2003 and 2004 , when little rain fell on the island and seeds of any kind were scarce . " most of the birds that had large beaks before the drought disappeared ," says grant . that included almost all of the recently arrived g . magnirostris and any remaining g . fortis with especially large beaks . the only birds that survived enough to mate and produce offspring in 2005 were the g . fortis with smaller beaks and an ability to exploit small seeds like those of the drought - tolerant optunia cactus . in darwinian jargon , the small - beaked birds were naturally " selected " for perpetuating the species , just as a dog breeder might select for speed in a greyhound . " for years , this has been the classic textbook example of rapid evolution ," says professor david skelly , an ecologist and researcher of rapid evolution at yale university , referring to the competitive pressure on g . fortis by the larger beaked g . magnirostris . " when i was a student , [ grant ' s ] work was sometimes taught as the exception to the rule ," says skelly . that is , normally evolution is thought of as slow and gradual in large animals like fish , birds , reptiles and mammals . beak sizes changing measurably in just decades seems awfully fast . the galapagos finches were considered an extreme case of quick evolution caused by an extreme environment . " now it appears that the grants ' work shows a pattern that is likely to be widespread ," says skelly , who has studied rapid evolution of amphibians in response to global warming . " environmental changes severe enough to cause sharp population declines , as seen with the finches , are also selection events ." as more and more species undergo the stresses of climate change , more cases of rapid evolution can be expected , skelly says . it ' s not likely to save most species facing the climatic bottleneck , of course , but it does give a few a fighting chance , he explains . it ' s not unusual " i don ' t think there is any reason to suspect this is an unsual occurrance ," says australian biologist professor richard shine of the university of sydney . shine has charted the rapid evolution of longer legs in invasive cane toads in australia , as well as adaptive changes in native snakes where the toads have invaded over the past few decades . we ' d see more evidence of rapid evolution if there was more support for long - term field studies like that of the grants ' 30 - year work on the finches , he says . " it ' s incredibly difficult to maintain these long - term studies ." each through this hers how by me ourselves we nor ours was does once such been before through is s over his some before how for by very over too few did with theirs so why yourself that the same a very their under until