surgical staff leave behind a sponge or scalpel in one in 10 , 000 operations . but new technology may change that surgeons may be able to use radio - tag technology to detect sponges they ' ve inadvertently left inside their patient , a small us study suggests . researchers at stanford university school of medicine tested sponges embedded with radio frequency identification ( rfid ) tags that were left in eight patients having abdominal or pelvic surgery . doctors and nurses then waved a detector wand over the patients , which beeped when it found the sponges . the wand detected the tagged sponges every time , in an average 3 seconds . there were also no false alarms , when the device bleeped but there was really no sponge there . but the researchers say the system is still prone to error , especially if people wave the wand too far away from the body , or don ' t scan the correct part of the body . the study is published this week in the archives of surgery . alex macario , a physician and professor of anaesthesia who led the study , says the future will probably see a combination of tags and other techniques such as counting instruments and sponges before and after an operation . " we need a system that is really fail - safe ; where , regardless , of how people use this technology , the patient doesn ' t leave the operating room with a retained foreign body ," he says . an earlier study found that medical personnel left foreign objects , most often sponges , inside a patient ' s body in one out of every 10 , 000 surgeries causing complications and even death . rfid tags are used commercially for uses ranging from tracking luggage and preventing currency from being counterfeited to preventing shoplifting to collecting road tolls . the study was funded by the national institutes of health and by a grant from the small business innovation research program , using sponges developed by clearcount medical solutions in pittsburgh . macario has no financial interests in that company but two of the study ' s co - authors own several patents related to tagged sponges and work for the pittsburgh company . under were himself we can just so its down no off for so when by who we don why more does be s you nor after such