tsunami - hit pangandaran beach . the death toll rose towards 300 on tuesday after a strong undersea earthquake triggered a tsunami that smashed into fishing villages and resorts ( reuters / dadang tri ) indonesians fleeing this week ' s tsunami that lashed the south coast of java had no warning , with a countrywide early warning system not due to be in place until 2009 , officials say . plans for such a system in indonesia were drafted in the wake of the devastating 2004 asian tsunami , but only two out of 25 planned sensor buoys have been deployed so far , off sumatra , not java , officials say . " our system is not yet working properly . we are still developing a communication system especially for the regions ," says fauzi , an official working on the early warning project from the meteorology agency in jakarta . he says only two sensor buoys were in place on sumatra but that nothing had yet been installed off java . edi prihantoro , from indonesia ' s ministry of science and technology , says even those two sets of buoys and ocean - bottom pressure sensors , activated off western sumatra last november by indonesian and german scientists , were not working . " according to a grand scenario we will have up to 25 buoys that can monitor ocean phenomena , but until now we have deployed only two buoys . they have some problems and are on land ," he says . the system was slated to be in place by the end of 2008 , he says . a lack of funds to buy and maintain the buoys was delaying the implementation of the system , he says , arguing that not only indonesia should pay for its upkeep . " we still are discussing budget and maintenance . but i think other countries must also be taking care of it . they get all the ocean data from us , it seems unfair if they don ' t take responsibility for that ," he says . prihantoro says the german and chinese governments had so far donated funds for the system but that it would be expensive to set up across indonesia . if installed as planned , buoys along indonesia ' s vast archipelago working in conjunction with more than 100 seismographs would detect the speed of seismic waves to determine whether there was a risk of a tsunami . data would be analysed and relayed automatically through mobile phone text message or email to officials who could then inform residents . but getting the message through to them could still prove a challenge . even if java had had a system in place on monday , it is doubtful many of the small fishing villages along java ' s south coast would have received any sms warnings as mobile reception is limited and many people are too poor to own phones . " it is not enough to warn people through tv and radio . the problem is direct communication to communities on the ground ," says fauzi . he says the most direct way to alert residents would be sirens on beaches . " this year we will build three siren systems in aceh , west sumatra and bali . we will build one in java next year ," he says . indonesia sits on the so - called pacific rim of fire , where the meeting of continental plates causes high volcanic and seismic activity . it lacked a warning system when a massive quake hit off sumatra on 26 december 2004 , unleashing a tsunami that swept up to 7 kilometres inland and killing some 220 , 000 people in 11 countries around the indian ocean . both me same for before because