in less than 15 generations , more than half the population of england had anglo - saxon genes the anglo - saxons who conquered england in the 5th century set up a system of apartheid that enabled them to master and outbreed the native british majority , according to gene research . in less than 15 generations , more than half of the population in england had the genes of the invaders , investigators say . " the native britons were genetically and culturally absorbed by the anglo - saxons over a period of as little as a few hundred years ," says dr mark thomas , a university college london biologist . " an initially small invading anglo - saxon elite could have quickly established themselves by having more children who survived to adulthood , thanks to their military power and economic advantage . " we believe that they also prevented the native british genes getting into the anglo - saxon population by restricting intermarriage in a system of apartheid that left the country culturally and genetically germanised ," he says . " this is what we see today , a population of largely germanic genetic origin , speaking a principally german language ." thomas believes the study , published in the journal proceedings of the royal society b , answers key questions about one of the turning points in european history . what happened after the romans ? the anglo - saxons , germanic tribes who lived in present - day germany , northern holland and denmark , invaded britain in 450 ad after the fall of the roman empire . they conquered england but were unable to penetrate far into the celtic fringes of what are now wales and scotland . they coincidentally prompted an exodus of britons to what is now brittany , france . the population of england at that time was probably around two million while the number of anglo - saxons was minute : the lowest estimate puts the number of migrants at less than 10 , 000 some 200 years after the invasion , although others put it at more than 100 , 000 . how could such a tiny minority have ruled a country so emphatically ? how could it skirt assimilation with the native british majority and impose a language , laws , economy and culture whose stamp is visible today ? the answer , suggest thomas and colleagues , is an " apartheid - like social structure " that enshrined anglo - saxons as the master and the native britons ( called " welshmen ", from the germanic word for slave ) as the servants . historical evidence evidence for this comes from ancient texts , including the laws of ine , the late 7th century ruler of wessex , an anglo - saxon kingdom in western england . ine set down payments of ' wergild ', or blood money , that was payable to a family for the killing of one of its members in order to prevent a blood feud . if an anglo - saxon was killed , the wergild was between two and five times more than the fine payable for the life of a " welshman " of comparable status . burial sites also provide a pointer about economic and social disparity . the skeletal remains of men believed to be anglo - saxons are often found alongside a weapon or other precious artefacts , whereas those of native britons are usually weaponless and have only one or two objects . in previous work , thomas ' team compared the gene pool among native , white englishmen in central england today and counterparts in the ancestral lands of the anglo - saxons . they found that the two groups shared between 50 and 100 % of telltale variations in the male sex chromosome y . genes to map growth and decline in the latest research , he used computer simulations to try to explain how segregation would have enabled the anglo - saxons to flourish and the native britons to decline . the computer model uses various scenarios involving the size of the immigration influx , different ethnic intermarriage rates and the reproductive advantage of being anglo - saxon , with more wealth and resources . apartheid is best known today for the notorious racial segregation that prevailed in white - minority south africa . but the authors point out that there are many other examples in history , when conquerors or settlers used such controls to avoid assimilation , nurture their identity and maintain their political , military or economic supremacy over an ethnic majority . by the time of king alfred the great in the 9th century , the differences in legal status between anglo - saxons and britons had faded out altogether . two centuries later , the normans invaded england and imposed their own apartheid , giving themselves higher legal status than the britons and allowing norman men to marry native women but preventing native men from marrying norman women . ourselves by were there being both in what yourself for why is we just more about if all our him yourselves his by once has out myself himself there under t because then will if my now had all too being for were both why with your itself when when myself if was off