sunlight can be a scarce commodity in antarctica and that ' s affecting vitamin d levels in some researchers scientific researchers spending winter in antarctica might be at increased risk of osteoporosis unless they take vitamin d supplements , new research suggests . a pilot study presented last week at the scientific committee on antarctic research meeting in hobart , suggests some researchers who spend the winter in antarctica have low levels of vitamin d , which is making their bones weaker . " their bone may resorb more calcium and get weaker which can lead to a potential increase in osteoporosis in the long term ," says researcher dr jeff ayton , chief medical office of the australian antarctic division . vitamin d is a hormone produced by the action of solar ultraviolet radiation on the skin and is essential for a number of processes including bone metabolism . lack of exposure to sunlight decreases vitamin d synthesis and increases bone turnover and bone loss . ayton says expeditioners who spend the winter in antarctica have very little exposure to sunlight for seven to nine months . but in summer they are at high risk of sunburn unless they cover up with hats and sunscreen . ayton and colleagues studied the vitamin d levels and skeletal response to sunlight deprivation in 57 healthy adults ( with an average age of about 38 years ) during their winter in australia ' s antarctic program . participants were also followed up after leaving antarctica and returning to a more temperate climate . bone resorption , but not formation , was elevated during the period of sun deprivation , ayton and colleagues report . but they have yet to determine the long - term effect on bones , such as the increased risk of osteoporosis . it may be that researchers need to receive supplements of vitamin d , says ayton , or screened for vitamin d levels before they head south . ayton says medical researchers are concerned that many people in the general population may have subclinical vitamin d deficiency depending on the latitude of where they live . and he says the lower acceptable limit of vitamin d may be revised upwards . " it may increase from the current level of 25 nanomols per litre to a higher level ," he says . or myself most this both if can own been you how their after over i against there your with against by they can herself why after