but the impact of racist stereotypes on gamers can be hard to measure , say some critics some popular video games promote racist , negative stereotypes of asians that would be unacceptable in other forms of media , says a canadian researcher . robert parungao , who studied the topic as part of his honours degree in sociology at the university of british columbia , looked at four best - selling games : kung fu , warcraft 3 , shadow warrior and grand theft auto 3 . parungao , an avid gamer , says the games feature evil gangsters , all of them non - white , who " function as narrative obstacles to be overcome , mastered or ultimately blown to smithereens by the white hero ". he says while blatant racism is not tolerated in mainstream films or television , in video games " it ' s below the radar ". parungao says his study has had a mixed response . " some say [ racist stereotypes in games ] is terrible ," he says . " other people in the games community say , ' lighten up , it ' s a game , you don ' t have to worry about political correctness .'" a fifth - generation canadian of chinese and filipino ancestry , parungao says that with video game sales at about us $ 30 billion worldwide , making them more popular than movies , negative stereotypes matter . he admits that not all games , or game publishing companies , promote such stereotypes , but says racism is rife among many of the most popular games , which are designed and published mostly in the us and japan . " these aren ' t just kids ' toys , these are representative of our society and they teach us ," he says . parungao ' s study is one of the first to look at racism in video games , says associate professor richard smith , a specialist in technology and society at simon fraser university in vancouver . " we ' ve heard about sex and violence , but i can ' t remember hearing about racism in video games ," says smith . " the most insidious thing about racism is when people accept it . studies like this help create consciousness ." but smith cautioned there ' s no academic consensus that violence and sexism in media affects real - world attitudes , and says the impact of racist images will be hard to measure . " this is new territory ," says smith . these because which we should i does how after is where during on you and same ours to doing just other until being just so under once our and itself theirs yours him with against then