you can lose weight on a high carbohydrate diet but not all carbs are equal there ' s no difference between a low gi diet and a high protein diet when it comes to losing weight , an australian study has shown . the study , published in the archives of internal medicine today , is the first to directly compare high protein diets and those based on foods with a low glycaemic index or gi . but the research shows low gi diets are better than high protein diets in reducing ' bad ' or ldl ( low density lipoprotein ) cholesterol associated with cardiovascular disease . " in terms of weight and fat loss [ a low gi diet ] and [ a high protein diet ] were exactly the same , there was no difference in terms of weight or fat loss between those two studies ," reports lead author joanna mcmillan - price from the university of sydney ' s human nutrition unit . professor jennie brand - miller , who co - authored the low gi diet revolution with mcmillan , was also involved in the research . turning carbohydrates into glucose low gi diets were originally used to control diabetes because of their ability to prevent dramatic fluctuations in insulin levels . the body takes longer to convert low gi foods to glucose , which means glucose is released into the bloodstream more slowly , preventing spikes in insulin levels that can leave you feeling hungry and prevent the breakdown of fat . more recently , low gi diets gained popularity among dieters , with celebrities like kylie minogue reported to favour low gi foods . highly processed , low fibre foods like white bread and soft drinks have a high gi while foods like dark whole grain breads , fruit and legumes have a low gi . fat or cholesterol ? the researchers put 129 overweight men and women on one of four diets for 12 weeks . of those four , one was low gi and another was high in protein . at the end of the study both the low gi and high protein group had lost the same amount of weight . a third diet , which was heavy on carbohydrates with a high gi , achieved the slowest rate of weight loss . while ldl cholesterol " declined significantly " in the low gi group , it increased among the people on the high protein diet . mcmillan - price says the research not only suggests that a low gi diet is the best eating choice , but it also vindicates the consumption of the right kind of carbohydrates for those wanting to lose weight . " for so long now we ' ve had hype that it ' s all about high protein and we must reduce our carbs ," mcmillan - price says . " it ' s been a confusing message and it ' s quite reassuring to hear that yes , i can eat a high carb diet as long as i ' m smart about the carbs i choose ." high protein or low gi ? dr peter clifton , research director at csiro human nutrition , says the study shows that both high protein and low gi diets can reduce weight . " certainly [ the study ] doesn ' t provide any evidence [ low gi diets ] are the best , they ' re an equivalent ," says clifton , who co - authored the bestselling csiro high - protein total wellbeing diet . clifton says high protein diets also provide more zinc and iron that a high carb diets , and are more likely to leave you feeling fuller for longer . "[ but the study shows that ] if you don ' t like eating large amounts of protein then choosing low gi products is probably not bad alternative ," he says . mcmillan - price ' s study received funding from meat and livestock australia . most were up most will them through and too now where these too doing can there not to does all of s were below than yourselves once in than here and where before be will out until t such doing herself it so him but had of should herself down it only themselves all me t as them if on because which by all through but you do when those those nor can here off