the mud in this cave is formed from 340 million year - old clay the jenolan caves west of sydney date back some 340 million years , making them the oldest known open caves in the world , australian geologists say . dr armstrong osborne from the university of sydney and colleagues used clay dating methods to show the caves have been open since the carboniferous period . their results are published in a recent issue of the australian journal of earth sciences . " we ' ve shown that these caves are hundreds of millions of years older than any reported date for an open cave anywhere in the world ," osborne says . the oldest previous dating for an open cave was around 90 million years , he adds . " even in geological terms , 340 million years is a very long time . to put it into context , the blue mountains began to form 100 million years ago ; dinosaurs became extinct 65 million years ago , and tasmania was joined to the mainland as recently as 10 , 000 years ago ." until recently , scientists had thought the caves were relatively young . but osborne thought the underground system might be older . " it always struck me as weird that in a country where everything is so old , that the caves should be young ," he says . the challenge was finding something inside the caves that could be accurately dated . so when a chance meeting revealed that dr horst zwingmann from csiro petroleum resources had a technique that could be used to date the clay inside the caves , they set about finding their real age . borrowing from the oil industry the researchers used dating methods developed to help oil exploration companies find oil deposits . the techniques are based on potassium - argon dating , which can calculate the age of minerals by measuring levels of decay caused by radioactive potassium . the results were a complete surprise . " no one imagined that they would be more than 300 million years old . this was totally off the planet ," osborne says . " we were able to provide evidence that the clays did form in - situ in the caves and that the sections regularly visited by tourists actually formed in the carboniferous ," zwingmann says . the clay now forms much of the mud in the popular temple of baal and orient caves . the discovery opens the possibility that there could be evidence of other ancient geological events in the caves that scientists haven ' t looked for yet . for example , the researchers think the clay in the cave was formed when volcanic ash entered . theirs an below we herself before under about t those had by about each yourself in been further its itself not can of be when some