irradiation could be a way of inactivating bacteria used to make vaccines vaccines made with bacteria killed by gamma rays may be more effective than those made using standard heat or chemical inactivation , us government researchers say . such vaccines do not have to be kept cold , the team at the university of california , san diego , school of medicine report in the journal immunity . dr sandip datta and colleagues made a vaccine from listeria monocytogenes bacteria , a common cause of food poisoning . the listeria were killed with gamma rays and the vaccine protected mice infected with live listeria , unlike vaccines made with heat - killed bacteria . " although completely inactivated by the radiation , and thus unable to cause illness , irradiated bacterial pathogens evidently retain characteristics that prompt the immune system to mount a full - fledged defence ," datta says . vaccines can be made in three ways : using an attenuated , or weakened , form of live bacteria or virus , using a killed microbe , or using pieces of dna from a bacteria or virus . most attenuated vaccines must be kept cold , but the researchers found that mice could be protected by vaccination with irradiated listeria that had been freeze - dried into a powder . this might mean that such vaccines could be used in hot places without electricity , the researchers say . vaccines often protect mice but not people so the idea must be tested more , the researchers note . dr elias zerhouni , head of the national institutes of health , which funded the study , says : " this advance is potentially of great importance in meeting the challenge of creating vaccines that are safe , effective and simple to manufacture and transport ." gamma rays are also used to sterilise medical equipment and , in some countries , to preserve food . she you where where nor by himself into she it yours at you our who your with a above out them are out any over only this it doing be but a other both after her above in more don about