one day we may be able to make stronger nylon by starting at the nanoscale a us scientist has made the world ' s smallest fragment of nylon and hopes to make more by harnessing the self - assembling properties of dna . professor nadrian seeman of new york university says the long - term plan is to make ultra strong nylon . he gave a paper on his work at the recent international conference on nanoscience and nanotechnology in brisbane . " the same properties of dna that make it such a wonderful genetic material can be utilised in other ways ," says seeman , a pioneer of what is called structural dna nanotechnology . in nature , dna ' s bases enable it to pair up with and attach to another strand of dna to form a linear double helix . seeman is exploiting this ability of dna to self - assemble to make his nano - nylon . but he is using synthetic dna that can form branches rather than linear lines . " you can make lattices , you can make networks , you can make objects , you can make all sorts of things with branched dna whereas with linear dna you ' re just making a long line ," he says . seeman has been working on a synthetic version of a related molecule , rna , which also self - assembles . so far , he ' s attached chemical groups used to make nylon to fragments of synthetic rna to make the equivalent of a single molecule of nylon . " that ' s about the shortest piece of nylon you can make ," he says . he is now working on making larger pieces of nylon using dna . the plan is to knit the nano - nylon into a form of molecular chain mail , which would make a much tougher and stronger fabric than currently exists . but , says seeman , this is a long - term project . " this is very hard chemistry ," he says , revealing that it took seven years to work out how to attach the nylon components to dna . bottom - up assembly nearly 20 years ago scientists amazed the world by writing the world ' s tiniest corporate logo in atoms . the tiny ibm logo was made using a large machine that laboriously placed each atom in place . seeman ' s research is part of a different approach to assembling things at the atomic or molecular level . " we ' re talking about making things from the bottom up ," he says , " unit by unit ". the approach involves mixing synthetic dna molecules in a solution to assemble vast amounts of desired molecular structures . seeman says molecular self - assembly can also be used to organise nanoelectronics , an idea he first raised in 1987 . this would involve attaching molecules that conduct electricity , such as carbon nanotubes , to dna . so far , seeman has demonstrated the concept by attaching gold nanoparticles to dna . he says his work could also be used as a tool in the imaging of biological molecules , including drug receptors , which in turn will be useful in drug design . seeman is funded by the national institutes of health , the national science foundation , nanoscience technologies incorporated and the us military . now above that did yourselves don s myself am yourself as during above what because yours off can own to some but yours its these from because until own its has yourselves when on she were