the vehicle combines the best of a helicopter and fixed wing aircraft , say researchers . it stands 1 . 5 metres high and has a wingspan of 2 . 4 metres a new unmanned aerial vehicle ( uav ) that takes off vertically like a helicopter and then flips over to fly forward like a conventional plane is being developed by australian researchers . the t - wing could provide cheaper and more efficient surveillance and reconnaissance , says dr hugh stone of the university of sydney whose team has been carrying out test flights . " it can take off and land like a helicopter ," says stone , an aeronautical engineer who began the research as a phd project . " it doesn ' t need a runway ." while helicopters can take off and land vertically and can hover , they are not as efficient at forward flight as conventional aircraft , which means they don ' t tend to fly as fast or as far . this is why ' convertiplanes ' were developed , aerial vehicles that convert from helicopter to plane mode . other uav convertiplanes use helicopter type propeller blades and more complex and expensive technology to control the movement of the vehicle , says stone . but the t - wing uses fixed propellers , like a standard aircraft . moving flaps that sit in the airstream behind the propellers are responsible for changing the direction of the aircraft and allow it to hover . these flaps are controlled by an onboard computer system that detects and changes the plane ' s location and orientation . " we can basically tell it a set of points in space and we upload those to the vehicle and then it will fly through those points ," says stone . " it doesn ' t need any intervention from us ." unstable like other similar vehicles the t - wing is quite unstable and the flaps have to move 50 times a second to keep the vehicle hovering . while it is not possible to fly the aircraft by radio control from the ground , it is possible to communicate with the onboard computer system in an emergency . " we can intervene if something starts to go wrong ," says stone . so far the team has successfully tested a prototype that is 1 . 5 metres high with a 2 . 4 - metre wingspan and weighs 30 kilograms . in the tests , the aircraft flew autonomously , except while landing when it had some assistance from radio control on the ground . the team plan to do further testing in december . surveillance stone says uavs are generally equipped with cameras and used for surveillance and reconnaissance . the research has been funded by the australian research council , the university of sydney and a us $ 30 , 000 grant ( a $ 39 , 000 ) from the us air force . stone says his team is working with australian technology company sonacom to develop a commercial version of the aircraft for surveillance applications . to few are what