new research into how hiv replicates in the gut may help to explain why antiviral therapy doesn ' t work for all patients hiv replicates in the lining of the gut and does much of its damage to the immune system there , researchers say . professor satya dandekar , at the university of california davis health system , and colleagues report their findings in the latest issue of the journal of virology . dandekar says the study is the first to explain why the drug cocktails that hiv patients take so often fail to work completely . " the real battle between the virus and exposed individuals is happening in the gut immediately after viral infection ," she says . " we need to be focusing our efforts on improving treatment of gut mucosa , where massive destruction of immune cells is occurring . " gut - associated lymphoid tissue accounts for 70 % of the body ' s immune system . restoring its function is crucial to ridding the body of the virus ." hiv cannot be cured but the drugs , known as highly active antiretroviral therapy , or haart , can keep the virus under control . at first , doctors had hoped that years of treatment might eventually eradicate the virus . but , 25 years on from the advent of aids , it is clear that cannot happen . that is because the virus can hide out quietly in reservoirs , which include certain immune cells . the gut is clearly important too , dandekar ' s team says . " we found a substantial delay in the time that it takes to restore the gut mucosal immune system in those with chronic infections ," dandekar says . " in these patients the gut is acting as a viral reservoir that keeps us from ridding patients of the virus ." the mucosa are the wet tissues that line the nose and throat , the genitals and the inside of the gut . hiv often infects people via the mucosa . long - term survivors dandekar ' s team has been studying hiv - infected patients who , even without treatment , have survived more than 10 years with healthy immune systems , including the t - cells that the virus attacks . " we looked at their gut lymphoid tissue and did not see loss of t - cells there . this correlated with better clinical outcomes ," dandekar says . so they started the current study , following 10 patients being treated with haart , taking blood and gut samples before and after three years of treatment . they found evidence of inflammation , which disrupts tissue function , promotes cell death and upsets the normal balance of gut bacteria . dandekar say these findings suggest anti - inflammatory drugs may help haart to work better . after no when not than was will each nor hers itself same don once just as into has above i than there we but than so not which am on by by