weather made the earth wobble on its axis , like a wonky spinning top , in a rarely recorded event scientists have confirmed that weather makes the planet wobble on its axis after exploiting a rare opportunity to detect and measure the most subtle shifts in the earth ' s spin . the wobbling at the poles was in the order of centimetres , from the size of a 20 cent piece to the size of a dvd , says astronomer thomas johnson of the us naval observatory . " these loops are on the order of two or three days ," says johnson of the timeframe in which weather tugs and varies the direction earth ' s axis is pointed in space . to see the weather wobbles , belgian researchers took advantage of an unusual period from november 2005 to february 2006 when two better known , larger components in earth ' s wobble cancelled each other out and no longer drowned out the signal of the smaller wobbles . the two larger components are a 433 - day wobble thought to be caused by deep ocean current changes and annual wobble that corresponds to seasonal changes . these change the position of the poles on about the scale of a baseball diamond , says johnson . every 6 . 4 years they cancel each other out . " it was basically now or never ," says s & eacute ; bastien lambert of the royal observatory of belgium of their well - timed measurements , which used gps data to ferret out the weather effects . " we would have to wait more than six years for another chance ." lambert and his colleague v & eacute ; ronique dehant publish their findings in the journal geophysical research letters . lambert was also able to connect the specific wobbles seen during that period to atmospheric pressure systems over asia and europe . this connection makes it possible to use weather forecasts to also forecast the smaller variations in earth ' s wobble . measuring these smaller wobbles is critical for navigational , timing and communication systems , says richard gross of nasa ' s jet propulsion laboratory . " we have to know how the earth ' s rotation is changing in order to track a spacecraft ," gross explains . at distances of tens of millions of miles , a few centimetres on earth can make the difference between communicating with the spacecraft and losing contact altogether . " it ' s most important when you are trying to land something on another planet ," he says . on earth the weather wobbles are also important because they can throw off models that are used to predict and correct for the larger wobbles , multiplying errors in gps and military navigational systems . " the accuracy would be orders of magnitude worse " without these wobble corrections , says johnson . " at the latitude of reagan national airport [ near washington dc ], the variation could be the difference between a plane landing on the runway or hitting the potomac river ." the wobbles also have to be accounted for when finely tuning clocks and the timing of satellite communications . " they all require earth orientation data nowadays ," says johnson . with your further t now were now down been down was did she under such they during a