radio tags have been used to track cattle for decades , where a security glitch is hardly a matter of national security . but how secure are the rfid tags in your passport ? high - tech passports , touted as advances in national security , can be spied on remotely and their identifying radio signals cloned , computers hackers were shown at a weekend conference . radio frequency identification technology , or rfid , used in cash cards and passports , can be copied , blocked or imitated , says melanie rieback , a privacy researcher at vrije university in the netherlands . hacked chips could be used to launch attacks on software in computers linked to scanning devices , the doctorate student says . rieback demonstrated a device she and colleagues built to hijack the rfid signals that manufacturers say can ' t be read by anything other than proprietary scanners . the device is also designed to block scanners , legitimate or illicit , reading a tag . the researchers expect to have a reliable portable version of their device finished in six months and have " no plans to immediately mass - produce these things ". a cheer rose from the legion of hackers in the conference room when rieback announced that the schematics and the computer codes for the device would be made public . " the industry and government needs to not be scared of us ," rieback says . she says rfid equipment makers would be wise to ramp up encryption and other security . " if you are using rfid [ to track ] cows , who cares ?" rieback asks . " but with a passport , it only takes one breach at the wrong time and it could wreck it for the rfid industry ." rfid tags consist of a computer chips wrapped with tiny radio antennas . the chips store financial , identity , or other data that can then be sent to scanners by radio signals . us retail behemoth wal - mart about two years ago embarked on a campaign to use rfid to track inventories and shipments from suppliers , and the devices are used to track cargo in shipping containers . rfid tags have been used for decades to track cattle or wild animals . pet owners also have chips , about the size of grains of rice , implanted under the skin of their dogs or cats so they can be identified and returned if they run away . the european central bank has talked of putting rfid technology in euro currency , and such tags were used in world cup soccer tickets , according to the researcher . smart chips are being put into passports . stores have experimented with using the tags not only to track inventory , but to bill shoppers for purchases invisibly as they leave . " it has been ... creating quite a stir ," rieback says of rfid use . my but he it until in do it by between at don when you for this about against too but s me