is the culture that produced this wood carving predisposed to violence ? a new genetic study says ' yes '. but how much do social issues explain the crime statistics ? a new zealand scientist says the country ' s indigenous maori people have a ' warrior ' gene which makes them more prone to violent and criminal behaviour . dr rod lea revealed his theory this week at the 11th international congress of human genetics in brisbane , australia , acknowledging that it is controversial to suggest an ethnic group is predisposed towards criminal behaviour . maori leaders immediately panned his claims . maori party co - leader tariana turia told the press newspaper that while she had heard of maori having a genetic predisposition towards alcoholism , it was a big leap to include violent tendencies . " i realise that violence is an issue to us , but there are very common factors as well with violence which are not really related to race ." lea , a genetic epidemiologist at the institute of environmental science and research in wellington , says that maori men have an over - representation of monoamine oxidase , dubbed the warrior gene , which is associated with aggressive behaviour . the gene was discovered by us researchers but has never been linked to an ethnic group . he told new zealand ' s national radio that the gene appeared to feature in about 60 % of maori men compared with 30 % men of european descent . " i believe this gene has an influence on behaviour of humans in general , but i also believe that the influence is rather small ," he says . " we have to be clear that behavioural traits such as susceptibility to addiction , aggressive behaviour , risk taking , all those sort of things are extremely complex and they are due to numerous factors including non - genetic environmental factors like upbringing and other lifestyle factors ." lea says the gene explains some of the issues involving maori . " they are going to be more aggressive and violent and more likely to get involved in risk - taking behaviour like gambling ," he says , although he believes other , non - genetic factors might also be at play . " there are lots of lifestyle , upbringing - related exposures that could be relevant here so , obviously , the gene won ' t automatically make you a criminal ." maori mp hone harawira believes social issues , including high unemployment , poor educational achievement and in many cases severe poverty , to be the main contributors to maori violence rather than a warrior gene . " if you put any group in that situation ... i dare you to point at the group that wouldn ' t be aggressive as a result of being treated that way ." national urban maori authority chief executive john tamihere says he is open to research - based evidence on whether there is a genetic reason for the over - representation of maori in violence statistics . for it did nor same whom out after only if as each down your only is these no do my then in between be your is their between