is this embryo destined to develop into a woman with breast cancer ? image : istockphoto ) australian ivf clinics are offering a test that enables parents to discard embryos that will develop into women at risk of breast cancer . the tests pick up mutations in the brca1 and brca2 genes , dr leeanda wilton , head of the genetic and molecular research lab at melbourne ivf , told a recent international conference in brisbane . but the tests have sparked ethical concerns about whether an embryo should be destroyed on the basis of a risk factor . most current tests on embryos are based on detecting those that carry a known genetic disease . pgd , or preimplantation genetic diagnosis , enables genetic abnormalities to be diagnosed in a very early ivf embryo before it is implanted into the mother . originally tests used fluorescent in situ hybridisation ( fish ) to determine an embryo ' s gender and detect whole chromosome disorders that may have made an ivf embryo unlikely to ' take ' once implanted . but newer polymerase chain reaction ( pcr ) techniques have made it possible to test for a range of single - gene disorders , such as cystic fibrosis , haemophilia and muscular dystrophy . this technique can also detect mutations in the brca genes , which confer an estimated 65 - 85 % risk of the carrier developing breast cancer by the age of 70 . how is pgd done ? a woman with a family history of breast cancer , or who carries the brca mutation , can ensure her baby doesn ' t inherit it by undergoing ivf to create an embryo and testing that embryo before implantation . to do this , scientists make a tiny hole into the shell around the embryo , gently remove one cell and test it . if a mutation is found the embryo is discarded . if no mutations are picked up it is implanted in the woman to establish a pregnancy . while at least three australian clinics offer the breast cancer tests , demand doesn ' t yet seem to be high , although experts expect this to change . dr wilton says melbourne ivf has the technology to test for the breast cancer mutation but hasn ' t yet done such tests . " that ' s predominantly because we haven ' t been asked to do it ," she says . dr david cram , director of molecular genetic services at another large victorian clinic , monash ivf , says two patients have requested brca screening in the two or three years it ' s been available . he expects demand to grow as more young women of child - bearing age find they carry the gene . " once systems are in place to identify these mutations more readily , women of a younger age will consider this option when they want to have children ," he says . " i think we ' ll see some patients take up the technology in the future ." james marshall , pgd laboratory manager at sydney ivf , says about three patients have asked for testing and a number clinical geneticists have inquired about it . " the first patient requests have only been in the last nine months ," he says . queensland fertility group hopes to be able to test for a range of single - gene conditions , probably including breast cancer , by the end of the year , says scientific director keith harrison . " once you ' ve got a monogenic pgd program then we ' d do [ all the tests ] as long as the gene defect is characterised ," he says . " but it would be an interesting one to run past the ethics committee , because when you ' re testing for say cystic fibrosis or huntington ' s , you ' re discarding or destroying embryos because they actually carry a moderately lethal defect . " but the brca gene ... isn ' t a total guarantee you ' re going to get the disease ." ethical concerns dr wilton acknowledges there are ethical issues in testing an embryo for breast cancer risk but defends a woman ' s right to have the test . " it ' s not straight forward ethically , that ' s for sure . but i think what we see is that the patients who come for pgd certainly don ' t do it on a whim ," she says . " usually the ones who end up in pgd have usually had a very tragic history of breast cancer . " if there is a way that her daughters can avoid that it ' s very easy to understand why patients would want to take that path ." dr domenico coviello is an italian medical geneticist and head of the laboratory of medical genetics , in milan . coviello , who raised concerns about the practice at the 11th international congress of human genetics earlier this month , says pgd is banned by law in italy and other european countries including austria and germany . " medical geneticists and doctors in general have the aim to help people and cure people ... but i am a little concerned about taking tests , especially on predisposition , and brca is only a risk ," he says . ours about too by their themselves of same while itself each how yourself will for themselves against so ourselves ours where they no t so which that were