dust devils , or willy willies , can ' t be explained by wind alone , scientists say it ' s not just wind that raises sand and dust devils , say physicists , powerful electrical fields created by wind , sand and dust also levitate more dust into the air . the discovery could have implications for global climate modelling and even help explain what makes mars such a dusty world . more than 100 , 000 volts per metre of natural , ' static ' electricity have been measured in desert dust storms and the mini - tornado - like dust devils or willy willies . now , under laboratory conditions , jasper kok , a graduate student at the university of michigan in ann arbor , has reproduced the electrical fields found near the ground in desert wind storms and shown that they can also lift sand grains . " we were very surprised ," says kok of the power of electrical fields to raise dust and sand . he and his faculty advisor associate professor nilton renno are publishing their results in a coming edition of geophysical research letters . the process starts with a little dry wind in a dusty , arid place that kicks up small dust grains so they collide with larger sand grains , kok explains . when this happens the smaller grains steal electrons from the larger grains , giving the smaller grains a negative charge and the larger grains a positive charge . " it ' s very similar to rubbing your feet on a carpet to become charged ," says kok . in that case you are the smaller grain and the carpet is the larger grain . next , the negatively charged smaller grains are lifted above the ground by breeze , creating a negatively charged region in the air above the positively charged ground . that separation of charges is an electrical field . once that field is in place , as kok shows in the lab , more grains can be lifted up by the electrical forces , making for even dustier conditions than wind speed alone could create . the phenomenon could have significant impacts on how much dust gets into the air worldwide , which means it ' s a matter that global climate modellers need to study more closely , says dr ron miller of the nasa goddard institute for space studies in new york . the many properties of dust dust is an ' aerosol ', which can reflect sunlight back into space and cool the earth ' s surface , as well as just influence the quality of the air . " for a given wind that ' s already kicking up dust , you ' d get more dust ," says miller . it could also affect areas downwind of a dust source , he says , by transporting the electrical fields to other areas and also more readily mobilising dust there . that matters a lot in places like china , where dust from the northern deserts whips south across industrial regions , picking up a lot of pollutants that can then be blown east as far as the european alps . dust on mars electrical fields may help explain how dust gets around on mars , says renno . " on mars the wind required to lift dust from the surface is very large ," he says , because the atmosphere of mars is very thin . " winds of the magnitude required have never been measured , but there ' s dust everywhere ." kok says he ' s already working on a new laboratory experiment with mars - like conditions to see if electrical fields may be at work on the red planet . hers but and on these s is a doing her there at it can the they does once out from our those his against out am my a ourselves it these t or been between is in of about only now will