male satin bowerbird inspecting the decorations at his bower male satin bowerbirds roam the streets and countryside thieving treasures to adorn their bedrooms , australian researchers find . but there is no honour among thieves . while they ' re out poaching , their own homes are plundered and their finest treasures , blue plastic - lined bottle tops and tail feathers , stolen . so why do bowerbirds prefer one treasure over another ? this is the question researchers including janine wojcieszek , an honours student at the university of queensland at the time of the research , wanted to find out . now she and her colleagues report their findings in the journal emu : austral ornithology . male bowerbirds build stick structures that serve as the base for courtship and mating . they decorate their bowers with colourful objects and are known to steal decorations from each other . the male satin bowerbird ( ptilonorhynchus violaceus ) is particularly drawn to blue objects and researchers hypothesise this could be for reasons of vanity or practicality . " it ' s interesting that different [ bowerbird ] species have preferences for different colours . the species we looked at particularly like blue things , while the spotted bowerbird that is found in western queensland prefers white , silver and pinks ," says wojcieszek . " one theory is that the bowerbirds choose the colour that best accentuates their own colour . because satin bowerbirds are blue , they seek blue to show themselves off ." another theory , and one that researchers believe is more likely , is that satin bowerbirds choose blue because that ' s its ' allotted ' colour in the bowerbird world . the researchers studied a male bowerbird population around the bunya mountains , northwest of brisbane . wojcieszek labelled the contents of nearly 40 bowers and then returned each day for three months , a mating season , to see what had been added , and stolen , from the bower . what she found was a merry - go - round of gathering and stealing . " every day there were changes to the bowers . either they had stolen something , or something had been stolen from them ." the most popular objects , and those most likely to be stolen , were items that reflected ultraviolet light . top of the list were tail feathers from the crimson rosella bird and plastic bottle tops lined with dark blue plastic . while the tail feathers were stolen more than any other class of decoration , the blue bottle tops were the most popular decoration relative to their availability on bowers . i there being these doing they just being who her will has down doing