torres strait islanders with diabetes may be placing their kidneys under further strain by eating dugongs contaminated with cadmium high cadmium levels in dugongs and turtles in australia ' s north may be affecting the kidneys of torres strait islanders who eat these animals as delicacies , preliminary research suggests . research led by epidemiologist dr melissa haswell - elkins of the university of queensland ' s north queensland health equalities promotion unit suggests the cadmium may be worsening torres strait islanders ' diabetes - related kidney damage . but until the team has more data , haswell - elkins is recommending torres strait islanders keep eating these traditional foods . she says earlier studies have found that the cadmium comes from natural sources in the ocean , rather than industrial pollution , and concentrates in the liver and kidneys of dugongs and turtles . studies show cadmium levels in these long - lived animals are " well above " acceptable levels , haswell - elkins says . this may be an issue , she says , as there is some suggestion that the kidneys of people with diabetes are more sensitive to being damaged by cadmium . so her team investigated the possible impact of the cadmium from traditional seafoods on 122 torres strait islanders , indigenous australians who are already at risk from kidney damage due to diabetes . the researchers found that people who eat more dugong and turtle have more cadmium in their urine and also worse albuminuria , a marker of kidney damage in which high levels of the protein albumin are excreted in the urine . the researchers think that cadmium in traditional foods could be contributing to diabetes - related kidney damage . and they think health researchers should pay more attention to cadmium as one of the many factors that can affect kidney health . but haswell - elkins says it ' s too early to say whether the cadmium is causing the kidney damage or whether already - damaged kidneys are simply allowing more cadmium to escape in the urine . she says people should not be afraid of eating their traditional foods . until we understand how significant this source of cadmium is , she says , it is best to be more concerned about the well - established risk factors for diabetes such as hypertension , lack of exercise , poor diet , alcohol , obesity and smoking . some of the team ' s research has been published online in the journal of exposure science and environmental epidemiology . through t more off is between should just be her will at between nor that not are on yours