the fingertip device can sense acceleration and inertia to more accurately mimic a real finger a fingertip device that recognises hand gestures and senses texture is being developed in the us . the digitiser could one day input information without a keyboard ; come in handy for gaming , where it could imitate squeezing a trigger ; and be worn to paint on a screen by moving a finger through the air . the ' fingertip digitizer ', was developed by mechanical engineer youngseok kim and associate professor thenkurussi kesavadas , director of the university at buffalo ' s virtual reality laboratory . they say it could be used for everything from inputting information into a computer or pda to transferring the physical characteristics of an object to a computer for design purposes . " with this device a computer , cell phone or computer game could read human intention more naturally ," says kesavadas . " eventually the fingertip digitizer may be used as a high - end substitute for a mouse , a keyboard or a joystick ." according to kim and kesavadas , other gesture - recognition devices available on the market can sense movement but not force . and although there are several force - feedback , or haptic devices , none can measure details of dynamic fingertip activities , including acceleration and inertia . " our digitiser bridges the contact and non - contact input strategy ," says kim . " we keep track of everything happening on your fingertip ." after all , says kesavadas , the fingertip is the most intuitive interface humans already posses . we use it to point , push buttons , touch objects and sense textures . the duo ' s device is equipped with three sensors to give it a broad range of function . a position sensor keeps tracks of where the digitiser is in 3d space and captures its direction . an accelerometer gauges speed , and a force sensor at the tip measures pressure . being s out ours don there in here he he in am for herself our had from all does during no how yourself theirs what up few both