in some parts of the world , it really is a man ' s world . researchers say sex selection in societies that favour boys mean there are at least 80 million missing females a preference for male babies and a resulting sex - ratio imbalance could lead to a destabilised society , researchers warn . their study in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences says the imbalance would leave more men unmarried , raising the risks of antisocial and violent behaviour . the researchers say that parts of china and india would have 12 - 15 % more men over the next 20 years , many of them in rural areas and with a limited education . " the growing number of young men with a lack of family prospects will have little outlet for sexual energy ," write dr zhu wei xing of china ' s zhejian normal university and dr therese hesketh of the institute of child health at university college london . " this trend would lead to increased levels of antisocial behaviour and violence , as gender is a well - established correlate of crime , and especially violent crime ," they say , adding the trend would threaten stability and security in many societies . sex ratios are already distorted in large parts of asia and north africa , and sex - selective abortion and discrimination in healthcare for girls have led to higher female mortality . " there are now an estimated 80 million missing females in india and china alone ," the researchers write . china introduced a one - child policy in 1979 to control population growth , but it has led to a rise in the male - to - female ratio from 1 . 11 : 1 in 1980 - 89 to 1 . 23 : 1 in 1996 - 2001 , according to a study published this month in the british medical journal . in 2004 , 48 . 6 % and 48 . 7 % of the population in china and india , respectively , were female . in contrast , females comprise 49 . 1 % of the total population in east asia , and 52 . 1 % in all of europe and central asia , according to figures from the world bank . the authors called for measures to reduce sex selection and an urgent change in cultural attitudes , or dire consequences could follow . " when single young men congregate , the potential for more organised aggression is likely to increase substantially and this has worrying implications for organised crime and terrorism ," they say . nor no there you during where about too them this which they s under its its into yourself ours being only should their can t her so to nor against any themselves in they nor were doing them own have whom that because between just that she yours him the during are