some women with normal pregnancies have caesareans as a matter of choice while it is rare for women in developed countries to die from childbirth , a new french study has found caesarean delivery more than triples the risk . the findings are from a study led by dr catherine deneux - tharaux of the maternite hopital tenon in paris , published in the september issue of obstetrics & gynecology . " this study shows that caesarean delivery is associated with a three - fold increase in the risk of postpartum maternal death as compared with vaginal delivery ," the researchers say . there has been a continuous rise in the rate of caesareans in developed countries . and some professionals have recently proposed elective caesarean delivery should be an acceptable first - choice method of delivery for women with normal pregnancy , say deneux - tharaux and colleagues . but , they say , the increased risk of maternal death needs to be taken into account by clinicians and women when balancing risks and benefits of vaginal versus caesarean delivery . deneux - tharaux and team looked at 65 maternal deaths that occurred between 1996 and 2000 , and that were reported to a french confidential enquiry on maternal deaths . they compared these to a control group of 10 , 244 women selected from the french national perinatal survey . all of the deaths followed births of a single child and were not due to conditions existing prior to delivery . the women had also not been hospitalised during pregnancy . the researchers found that the risk of death - from blood clots , infection or complications from anaesthesia - was 3 . 6 times higher for women who had caesareans . the risk of death after childbirth was increased whether or not the caesarean was performed before the onset of labour or during labour . the researchers say previous studies of the relationship between caesarean delivery and risk of maternal death have reported inconsistent results . " our objectives in this study were to provide a valid estimate of the risk ," they say . although rates of maternal death in most developed countries are relatively low , in the us women have a 1 in 3500 chance of pregnancy - related death . the american college of obstetricians and gynecologists say the incidence of maternal mortality has not significantly decreased in the last two decades . but deneux - tharaux and team say there is persistent underidentification of maternal mortality in developed countries . a recent study found a 19 % underreporting of maternal deaths in vital statistics from france , they say . our with as itself now nor have out