could tinkering with the dna of immune cells be a cure for deadly cancers ? two out of 17 patients with a deadly form of skin cancer have had their tumours wiped out by genetically altered immune cells , us researchers report . but while the findings are being hailed as evidence that the troubled field of gene therapy can successfully treat cancer , other experts say the results are disappointing . dr steven rosenberg of the us national cancer institute ( nci ) and colleagues report their findings today online ahead of print publication in the journal science . the technique " represents the first time that gene manipulations have been shown to cause tumour regression in humans ," rosenberg says . the researchers infused 17 patients suffering from metastatic melanoma with their own white blood cells that had been removed and genetically engineered to fight tumours . the patients ' t - cells had been modified with genes that code for receptors designed to recognise melanoma cells . the cancer was eliminated in two male patients , the researchers say . in one case a 52 - year - old man had a tumour in his armpit disappear and another on his liver shrunk enough to be surgically removed . he remained disease - free 19 months after treatment , the study says . another patient , a 30 - year - old man , had a lung tumour recede and showed no signs of disease 18 months later . " the tumours went away and both of the patients are now completely disease - free over a year and a half later ," says rosenberg who is chief of surgery at the nci . before the experiment , the patients had advanced skin cancer that was not helped by standard therapies and they were expected to live just three to six months , he says . disappointing response but the cancers in the remaining 15 patients did not respond to the treatment and other gene therapy researchers say the results may be a step forward , but are no cause for celebration . " this certainly is a significant technical advance that is going to fuel more interest ... and more enthusiasm , i hope , among researchers ," says dr michel sadelain , director of memorial sloan - kettering cancer center ' s somatic cell engineering laboratory . but , he adds , it is " undeniable the response here is rather disappointing ". professor savio woo of mount sinai school of medicine and a past president of the american society of gene therapy says the researchers " need to do it in more patients and get better response rates , and when that happens we can all pop the champagne ". scientists have touted gene therapy as holding great promise for a range of ailments , but safety problems have set the field back . one experiment cured two french " bubble boys " with a rare immune disorder , but later gave them leukaemia , and an 18 - year - old died in a 1999 gene therapy experiment . rosenberg says there are no side effects from the melanoma gene therapy . it was administered with the drug interleukin - 2 , which can cause fluid retention , he says . the researchers hope the same approach can fight breast , lung and other cancers and are seeking regulatory approval to test the technology in other patients . her s most her having the himself then no if under an both from how before ourselves then some you been both at between ours don have but during why most or s such up