a woman places flowers at the entrance to australia zoo after its conservationist patron steve irwin , or the crocodile hunter , died from a stingray ' s barb to the heart on monday in death as in life , iconic tv naturalist steve irwin captivated millions worldwide and clogged the internet as fans from around the world reacted with disbelief to news the crocodile hunter was dead . some websites groaned to a halt within hours of the first reports on monday that irwin had been killed by a stingray ' s barb through his chest in a freak diving accident off australia ' s northeast coast . web measurement company hitwise says irwin ' s death was the biggest news event read by australians on the internet since two australian miners were trapped by a mine collapse in southern tasmania state in late april . " we noticed that the website www . crocodilehunter . com increased in popularity quite substantially . it became the number one entertainment personality website in australia yesterday and in the us it also became the third most popular ," says a spokesperson for hitwise asia - pacific . australian news websites struggled to keep up with demand . the abc ' s site had to temporarily shut down , posting a notice on monday that it was experiencing higher than normal traffic . it resumed soon after in a low - bandwidth format to cope with hundreds of thousands of hits . newspaper websites also wobbled but kept up with demand . a spokesperson for the sydney morning herald says its website experienced a 40 % spike in page impressions compared with the previous week ' s average weekday number of about 500 , 000 . there was also a 70 % jump in visitors to its pages , the spokesperson says . that pattern was mirrored around the world , with irwin ' s death leading major news websites such as cnn and us and uk newspaper websites , as well as swamping their ' most viewed ' and ' most emailed ' categories . blogs and internet feedback pages were also awash with postings from shocked readers from around the world , many of them from americans charmed by irwin ' s quirky style and his catchphrase " crikey ". until at be had herself which no does had against than very these do how nor when under out yourselves to during an against off