a snapshot within a proton showing a strange quark ( red ) and its antistrange partner ( yellow ) together with two up quarks ( blue ) and a down quark ( green ) scientists say they ' ve solved a decade - old puzzle about the enigmatic ' strange quark ', one of the fundamental building blocks of matter . their findings , published recently in the journal physical review letters , help put our understanding of the universe on a more solid footing . associate professor derek leinweber from the university of adelaide and colleagues used a combination of supercomputing and physics to study the oddly named particle . strange quarks are one of six different ' flavours ' of quark that combine to form protons and neutrons , two of the main components of atoms . the others are known as ' up ', ' down ', ' charm ', ' top ' and ' bottom ' quarks . the short - lived strange quark is the most mysterious of them all , leinweber says . it " boils up " inside the positively charged proton and then " simmers back out of existence ", he says . scientists have long pondered exactly how the strange quark contributes to the distribution of charge in the proton , leinweber says . " people have been playing around with these problems for 10 years or more ." by combining results from real - life experiments with simulations , the adelaide team , with collaborators at the university of edinburgh and the thomas jefferson national accelerator facility in the us , says it has calculated the strange contribution with unprecedented accuracy . those calculations predict that the short - lived strange quarks display an unanticipated level of symmetry in their journey . " it ' s a bit of a surprise ," leinweber says . " there was some idea that the strange quark would be distributed asymmetrically ." effective field theory the research brought together expertise in supercomputing with techniques in a branch of physics called effective field theory , leinweber says . " these are two separate areas which have been used together in a way that no - one else has thought of ." for the physics world , the findings could have major implications , particularly as experimental results coming from labs around the world are already beginning to confirm the theories of the australian researchers . now , scientists are considering how to incorporate the results into research at enormous particle accelerator facilities like the large hadron collider buried underground at cern in switzerland . " our result presents a huge challenge to experimental physicists in planning the next generation of experiments ," says leinweber . " billions of dollars are going to be spent based on this result ." ultimately , the research is helping scientists understand the universe in greater detail than ever before , leinweber says . " it ' s putting our current understanding of our world on a solid foundation ." below we yourself doing have where yourself were has ours both with their were but some our with did any into i in such there here an some ourselves doing they where these with why most some have because been hers while again once