wreaths laid for steve irwin who died from a stingray ' s barb to the heart while filming a documentary in north queensland this week ' s mass grieving in response to the death of australian crocodile hunter steve irwin is part of a fairly recent phenomenon dependent on the mass media , say experts . but how do we make sense of this public grieving for the loss of someone most have never met ? we generally think of grief as being associated with the loss of people we ' re very close to , like a family member , says psychologist grant brecht , of the australian psychological society . but he says we can feel close to someone we have never met if we come to know and like them through their appearances in the media . " we conjure up in our own mind feelings and thoughts about what that person would be like ," says brecht . and when they die we respond as if we did in fact know them . " we can experience grief almost at the same level as we may well do with a family member ," says brecht . " people would have felt an affinity with steve ," he says . " he was a bit of an australian icon , a bit of an australian larrikin , someone who seemed to have quite an affinity with animals , which most of us would respect ." brecht says the mourning is a healthy part of dealing with the feeling of loss . while most of us will remember the spontaneous outpourings exhibited after the death of princess diana , grieving hasn ' t always been such a public affair . a recent phenomenon australian national university historian professor pat jalland says mass public grieving has really only taken off since the 1970s . " had the equivalent of princess diana died 40 years earlier i can guarantee it would not have resulted in anything like what happened ," she says . jalland says the last period in history when grieving was an accepted activity was during the 19th century , before the advent of mass media . at this time death claimed many infant lives and grieving occurred through religious rituals . but between 1918 and the 1970s public grieving was suppressed , says jalland . in part this was helped by a decline in infant mortality , which meant death mainly happened in old age and behind closed doors at home and , eventually , in hospital . silence about death the suppression of grief was also helped by a decline in religious ritual and by a period of major wars in which soldiers , and by implication all of us , were expected to bear death with stoicism , says jalland . " the two world wars created a massive overload of death and sorrow which induced what freud and others call death denial - a silence about death ," she says . " the emotional responses were suppressed ." at this time media coverage of sudden and tragic deaths were very factual and lacked the personal stories that are common today , says jalland . but she says all that changed in the 1970s when there was a huge cultural shift towards more open displays of emotion . this shift was encouraged by the women ' s and gay liberation movements , says jalland , and by psychologists like elisabeth kubler - ross who encouraged open discussion about death and dying . and it was encouraged by the mass media , which showed grief as a normal response to tragedy by reporting the personal stories of those involved . secular spirituality dr david ritchie of deakin university , who has a special interest in grief education , says the good side of mass media facilitated grief is that it gives people permission to grieve . he says this is important in a society where people seldom die at home , there are few rituals around death and people ' s main experience of death is through the media . " the idea of death as part of the life cycle is really foreign ," says ritchie , who is also on the management committee of the australian centre for grief and bereavement . ritchie says spontaneous outpourings of grief in the company of strangers helps people make sense of the shocking nature of sudden death . making shrines out of flowers , photos , artwork and poetry , lighting candles and sharing stories about the person who has died all helps to make people feel connected and empowered , says ritchie . " it ' s part of a secular spirituality ". but ritchie doesn ' t see mass public grieving as anything like the grief of a close family member . " we can always see steve irwin by looking at the films ," he says . " we can always press the rewind button or put the tape back in again because that ' s how we knew him ." it will be very different for his family , says ritchie . and he says each person experiences grief differently and the " one size fits all " version sanctioned by the mass media could lead to inauthentic experiences of grief .