sudoku tests your brain ' s neural circuits , especially ones involved in memory no wonder sudoku puzzles give your brain a good work - out . scientists say solving them depends on neural pathways that even the most powerful computers can ' t replicate . they say that by studying how people solve the puzzles , we might be able to develop more intelligent and brain - like computers . in a paper published on the arxiv physics website , professor john hopfield of princeton university explores the unique brain processes we use when playing sudoku . this mathematical puzzle involves filling in a grid of 81 squares with varying combinations of the numbers one to nine , something that sounds simple but can be diabolically hard . to crack sudoku our brains use a unique set of neural pathways known as associative memory , hopfield says , which enables us to discover a pattern from a partial clue . although computers can store large amounts of information and process it at great speed , they aren ' t yet capable of sophisticated associative memory . hopfield provides an algorithm of associative memory in his paper , which he says could be implemented in silicon chips . patterns we all recognise the basic pattern of counting from one to nine , yet the task of completing a sudoku puzzle is confounded because of the large number of possible permutations of this pattern . but every time we put the right number in the right place it provides us with a clue , which reduces the number of permutations . in this way sudoku is based on a combination of logic and intelligent guesswork based on our abilities of associative memory , hopfield says . " in neural terms , the signals developed ... can produce a strong and reasonably accurate feeling of correctness of the item retrieved ," hopfield says . " this fact may account for our strong psychological feeling of ' right ' or ' wrong ' when we retrieve a memory from a minimal clue ." brains versus computers associate professor andrew paplinski is an australian computer scientist who specialises in neural networks at monash university in melbourne . he says the process described in hopfield ' s paper helps us to remember a name from a fragment or recognise a partially obscured face . he says applying hopfield ' s model could lead to more accurate facial recognition computer technology . being able to mimic associative memory would give computers " extreme robustness of pattern recognition ", paplinski says . for example , for a computer to recognise a partially visible face it would first have to recognise that the face is obscured , then that it is a face , and then it would have to find a match . " to answer all these questions takes an enormous amount of computation ," he says . he says we can do this in a fraction of a second in a slow computer like our brain . so there were would be significant implications if we can figure out how this is done and design computers that can replicate it . i t she is why don yourself between both at s down down with it yours for some him