the return of a fragment of the parthenon to greece shouldn ' t set a precedent for the repatriation of other museum pieces , says the university of heidelberg the battle over fragments taken from greece ' s parthenon has resurfaced with the return of a small piece of the ancient monument by a german university . the fragment consists of a foot , carved from marble , which was taken nearly 200 years ago from the northern frieze . greek officials hailed the fragment ' s recent return as an important step toward the return of other fragments of the 5th century bc building , many of which are kept at the british museum in london . the relief sculpture , which measures about 7 by 12 centimetres , had been held at the university of heidelberg for more than 130 years and first appeared in the university ' s inventory in 1871 . it was probably taken as a souvenir by a german visitor to greece . " this is a historic day . for the first time in almost 200 years , a precious piece of the parthenon abroad is put in its original place ," greek culture minister giorgos voulgarakis said as the sculpture was handed over by the university ' s vice - rector professor angelos chaniotis . the university of heidelberg says the decision to return the fragment was " guided by the scholarly aim of promoting the unification of the parthenon as a unique monument of world culture ". voulgarakis hails the repatriation of the small fragment not only as a highly symbolic act , but as an unprecedented move in favour of the reunification of greece ' s artistic heritage . " for the first time , the silent agreement among museums in possession of parthenon sculptures has been broken ," he says . archaeological artefacts scattered the fearless horsemen , sprightly youths , lounging deities , belligerent centaurs and expressive horses carved by phidias in the 5th century bc are scattered throughout several european museums , including the louvre in paris . but the bulk of the marbles are kept in london ' s british museum . greece contends that the 17 figures and 56 panels on display there were stolen in 1801 by lord elgin , british ambassador to the ottoman empire . the works have since become known as the elgin marbles . britain says that lord elgin had permission from the ruling turkish authorities to take them . the british also contend that the marbles have received better treatment at the british museum , where they are safe from the polluted athens air , which has damaged other greek treasures . voulgarakis remarks that a space in the new acropolis museum , which is due to be completed next year , has been reserved for the parthenon sculptures . " the demand for unification of the parthenon sculptures originates exclusively by moral reasons and not by a nationalistic obsession ," he says . a precedent ? the university of heidelberg stresses that the transfer of the fragment is " a special case that should not be used as a precedent for other monuments and works of art ". but the german gesture is likely to cause controversy among museums worldwide . in 2002 , when negotiations were under way to return a parthenon fragment held at the salinas regional archaeological museum in palermo , sicily , directors of several major museums around the world deplored the move , saying that it could destabilise the entire museum system .