the double - pulsar system put einstein ' s theory of general relativity through its paces , with what ' s believed to be the most stringent test yet pulses of radiation emitted from a pair of distant stars have confirmed that einstein ' s theory of general relativity is at least 99 . 95 % right , scientists say . an international research team including scientists working at australia ' s parkes telescope measured the radiation from a ' double pulsar ' system 2000 light - years away to put the theory through its paces . according to results published online today in the journal science , the 91 - year - old theory came through with top marks . " general relativity has passed all our tests ," says co - author dr george hobbs from the australia telescope national facility . the double pulsar system , called psr j0737 - 3039a and b , consists of two highly compact neutron stars , each of which weighs more than our own sun but measures only about 20 kilometres across . the two stars whirl around each other at a million kilometres an hour , emitting lighthouse - like beams of radio waves . researchers used three of the world ' s largest radio telescopes , the uk ' s lovell telescope at jodrell bank , the parkes radio telescope and the robert c byrd green bank telescope in west virginia in the us , to observe those beams over a period of three years . their measurements offered a number of ways to test the accuracy of the theory of general relativity . the most precise is called the shapiro delay , and concerns einstein ' s prediction that massive objects warp space - time . " einstein says that the whole concept of space and time are connected and that gravitational fields warp both of them ," explains hobbs . this means that when one pulsar passes behind the other , its signal travels through the warped space - time created by the one in the foreground . using einstein ' s theory , the researchers calculated that this warping would add a 90 microsecond delay to the arrival of the signal on earth , which is just what their measurements found . " the first thing to say is that the prediction and the measurement agree ," hobbs says . " but it isn ' t possible for our measurement to be 100 % precise ." what the scientists can say for certain is that einstein ' s theory is accurate to at least within 0 . 05 %. " general relativity is used in astronomy all the time , on the assumption that it is correct ," says hobbs . " this is the most stringent test ever made of it in the presence of a very strong gravitational field ." off up you not them at am be should other hers was until who which yourselves been a itself through themselves too don itself me hers under when if not