nanotechnology involves manipulating matter at the atomic or molecular level a nine - point plan for the responsible development of nanotechnology in australia has been recommended in a new report . but environmental and worker safety groups are still not happy . the industry minister ian macfarlane this week released the report , which he will consider when establishing a national nanotechnology strategy . it recommends the establishment of a dedicated office within a federal department that will be responsible for the nanotechnology strategy , although it does not recommend which portfolio this should fall under . the report states that there is no case for establishing new , nanotechnology - specific regulations to protect human health and the environment , but suggests existing regulations may need adjusting . the options for a national nanotechnology strategy report also recommends further research into the health , safety and environmental implications of nanotechnology . and it recommends that any proposed changes to regulatory frameworks should " not add unnecessary regulatory burden to industry ". nanoparticle risk australian council of trade unions occupational health and safety officer , steve mullins , supports the establishment of a specific office to oversee nanotechnology . but he criticises the report ' s failure to recommend the establishment of new regulations specific to nanotechnology . " it seems like business has the green light to use nanotechnology but they ' ve got a red light on health and safety regulation ," he says . the unions are particularly concerned about the exposure of workers to nanoparticles and believe precautionary measures should be taken to ensure this is minimised . " by all means , continue research ," says mullins . " but we ' ve got enough evidence to suggest nanoparticles can have a toxic effect on the body ." georgia miller of the friends of the earth ' s nanotechnology project also criticises the report . she says it fails to require safety testing of nanoparticles before they are commercialised , as recommended by the uk ' s royal society in 2004 . she says there should be a moratorium on r & d and manufacture on nanotechnology until safety issues are resolved . as not there his other yours who my i when