mosquitoes carrying the malarial parasite are responsible for killing about a million people a year ddt , the long - banned insecticide blamed for killing birds and other wildlife , is now approved for use indoors to fight malaria , says the world health organization . " one of the best tools we have against malaria is indoor residual house spraying ," says dr arata kochi , director of the who malaria department . " of the dozen pesticides who has approved as safe for house spraying , the most effective is ddt ." for about us $ 5 per house , indoor spraying with ddt is a cost - effective response to malaria , says the who . malaria kills about a million people annually , most of them children under five . in parts of africa and asia where malaria - carrying mosquitoes spread the disease , 85 % of home dwellers approached by health workers allow their houses to be sprayed , say global health officials . ddt came into common use in the 1930s as an agricultural insecticide . it became notorious after biologist and ecologist rachel carson ' s 1962 book silent spring exposed how ddt entered the food chain , killing wildlife and threatening humans . in 1969 , the us national cancer institute announced findings that ddt could cause cancer , and a us federal ban was imposed in 1972 . richard tren , director of the group africa fighting malaria , stresses the difference between agricultural ddt sprayed outdoors and the residual spraying means to act like a giant mosquito net over individual houses . " the environmental impact associated with spraying insecticides , whether it ' s ddt or other insecticides , indoors is minimal , it ' s negligible ... this is as unrelated to silent spring as anything ," tren says . " the science is very clear that there are no harmful human effects ." tren says environmental groups in africa support its use . in washington , the director of the sierra club ' s environmental quality program gives muted backing to the plan . " reluctantly , we do support it ," says the group ' s ed hopkins . " malaria kills millions of people and when there are no other alternatives to indoor use of ddt , and where that use will be well - monitored and controlled , we support it ." hopkins stresses the need for safer alternatives to ddt , " because ddt is not a silver bullet to solve this problem ". off was up have about some into had who below is once in t where their while too out don this about them here do being ourselves of same were against were no their above or i its not am to then during hers