in an example of collaborative middle east science , israeli and palestinian researchers are changing female nile tilapia fish into males to boost food supplies researchers in israel , the palestinian territories and germany want to transform female freshwater fish into males , a sex change they hope will put bigger fish on the dinner table . male fish are larger , grow faster and weigh about a third more than females , says assistant professor mutaz qutob , a palestinian researcher involved in the experiments . as part of a project with hebrew university of jerusalem and germany ' s university of hohenheim , qutob and his colleagues will inject compounds from plants found in the occupied west bank and often used as seasonings into food fed to newborn nile tilapia fish . " this will have an effect on the fish ' s metabolic [ structure ]. it may shift from female to male ," says qutob , a chemist at al - quds university in east jerusalem . " this is a very important project . we are introducing a new food source for the palestinians ." scientists at hebrew university have previously used synthetic steroids , which are regarded as less healthy , to create male fish , says dr berta sivan , a researcher at the israeli university , which helped found the project . palestinians in the west bank import most of their fish from israel and the coastal gaza strip . but their consumption of fish , especially those from freshwater sources , has fallen in recent years due to rising costs and tighter israeli travel and trade restrictions on palestinians . " we wanted to solve a fish - breeding problem in israel and help bring in and promote fish consumption in the palestinian authority ," sivan says . while israel has been building a controversial separation barrier in the west bank , cooperation between israeli and palestinian academics has been growing over the past few years despite a palestinian uprising that began in 2000 . " israelis and palestinians who cooperate on research tend to try to work harder during politically critical times ," says professor hassan dweik , a co - director of the israeli - palestinian science organization , which helps find funding for such studies . the organisation this year received 74 proposals for academic projects to be conducted by israeli and palestinian researchers on topics related to agriculture , education , the environment and medicine . israelis and palestinians usually conduct their research separately and discuss it by phone or online due to the israeli travel restrictions that also ban most israelis from entering palestinian - controlled areas . both again these does any by ours am into had not are itself only these and same am off here below he both why be has in a is both why some with because are they no with after those is all such