some of the rock art on the dampier archipelago the public is being asked to comment on plans to protect what ' s been called the world ' s largest art gallery , a collection of ancient aboriginal rock art on the dampier archipelago . federal environment and heritage minister senator ian campbell has called for submissions on a proposal that would see most of the area , which is in northwestern australia , placed on the national heritage list . the proposal would hinder the development of the a $ 50 billion pluto gas natural gas project by woodside energy on the burrup peninsula . the australian heritage council report on the dampier archipelago , which the minister released this week , describes the density of rock carvings , or petroglyphs , and stone arrangements on the dampier as " exceptional ". it says the depictions of animals , human figures , human - animal figures and geometric designs " provides an outstanding opportunity to develop a scientific understanding of the social functions of motifs ". and it says the engravings , which date back 30 , 000 years , provide an " unusual and outstanding visual record " of aboriginal people ' s responses to the rise of sea levels at the end of the last ice age . during its assessment of the dampier archipelago the council received 20 submissions from industry and state government authorities generally opposed to heritage listing . there were only two submissions in favour of listing . one of these was from the local wong - goo - tt - oo aboriginal group , the other from the australian rock art research association ( aura ). " what the minister , basically , in my opinion is looking for , is more support from the public ," says robert bednarik of aura , who has been advocating on behalf of the rock art for over 30 years . senator campbell said last week he was keen to " get the balance right " between allowing industrial development and preserving the rock art . " i want to make sure that all of the major stakeholders , particularly the economic stakeholders are very happy with the process and we get what i call a win - win - win ," he told abc radio . in calling for public submissions on the proposed listing the minister drew attention to where the boundary for the protected area should be drawn . " agreeing to the right boundary is a key element of ensuring the heritage and economic values of the area can coexist in to the future ," he said . but some people are concerned about any compromise that would see some of the rock art sacrificed . bednarik , who is also convenor of the international federation of rock art organizations , says he spent three years surveying the art on the dampier archipelago . " you can fairly describe it as the world ' s largest art gallery ," he says . bednarik says the rock art must be preserved as a whole , likening it to the uk ' s stonehenge . " what if a petrochemical plant said ' look , you ' ve got here 24 columns , couldn ' t we take a few out because it ' s in our way ?'" the world monuments fund has put the dampier archipelago on its list of 100 of the world ' s most endangered sites . opposition to the listing woodside energy says it welcomes the opportunity to comment on the proposal but will oppose heritage listing . " as a general principle we don ' t doubt that the burrup is a special place ," says a company spokesperson . but he says the listing will create uncertainty for industry in the area , which could be held liable for damage to the rock art through pollution . " it wouldn ' t only hinder our project , it would hinder everything ," the spokesperson says . he describes the heritage listing as a " blunt instrument " because it fails to consider the economic values of the area that is the gateway to the a $ 20 billion north west shelf liquefied natural gas project . " this is probably the most productive part of the australian land mass ," he says . the spokesperson says the company prefers a management plan for the area produced by a coalition of state and federal government , indigenous groups , conservationists and industry . comments on the proposal to list the dampier archipelago are to be made to the heritage assessment branch of the department of the environment and heritage by 28 november . between yourself herself once themselves now