a new type of paper made from nanowires withstands temperatures to 700 & deg ; c tough paper that won ' t burn , is resistant to bacteria and can be written on time and time again has been developed by us researchers . the paper could be used in a range of applications , say scientists from the university of arkansas in fayetteville . it could be used to make products from reusable bacteria filters to flame - retardant wallpaper that automatically decomposes airborne toxins . alternatively , it could be used to make rewritable , erasable , heat - resistant billboards along highways . its core ingredient is the key to the paper ' s resilience . while most paper is made from cellulose fibres , the new material is made from nanowires of titanium dioxide , a chemical compound common in white pigment . " the starting materials are simple , non - toxic and inexpensive ," says dr z ryan tian , assistant professor of chemistry and biochemistry at the university . " the assembly is a room - temperature casting process , as simple as drying paper pulp ." to make the nanowires , the researchers first mix powdered titanium dioxide with an alkaline solution and place it in a teflon - coated container . then they heat the mixture in an oven at 150 - 250 & deg ; c for one to several days . as the alkali evaporates , it leaves behind long , white fibres . the nanowires are washed in distilled water and , when still the consistency of wet pulp , cast into 3d shapes such as tubes , bowls and cups . after the paper dries , it can be bent , folded or trimmed with scissors . the finished product can withstand temperatures of 700 & deg ; c , which makes it flame - retardant . it also makes it possible to sanitise the paper with a torch flame or ultraviolet light . the paper ' s properties also make it ideal for a reusable filter membrane in gas masks , the researchers say . the pore size of the paper can be adjusted during the casting process so that the holes are big enough to let oxygen in but small enough to block toxins . " this [ research ] shows a novel way of fabricating membranes made of titanium dioxide nanowires ," says professor zhong lin wang , director for the center for nanostructure characterization and fabrication at the georgia institute of technology in atlanta . in addition , when photons of light hit the nanoscale fibres , a charge is created that works to zap and destroy any toxins on the surface . the team has applied for a patent on the process and is looking for industrial partners to license and commercialise applications of the nanopaper technology . himself of more themselves into she to which itself t an with each yourself an off had below and am very some has only their did itself during through as between more my then those has ourselves