the flowers on this dress open and close by themselves a dress with animated flowers on its neckline , shirt sleeves that make sounds in tune with your body language , and a hemline with a mind of its own have been developed by a canadian researcher . professor joanna berzowska and international colleagues will discuss these and other examples of ' wearable technology ' at a workshop in australia next year called reskin . berzowska ' s flowery dress , named kukkia , has a neckline with felt and silk flowers that open and close according to a special electronics embedded in the dress . " i really wanted to make these dresses that have personalities , that move and behave almost like animals ," says berzowska , who teaches computation art at concordia university in montreal . the flower petals are made of silk and felt , and contain thin wires of nitinol , an alloy of nickel and titanium . nitinol is a ' shape memory alloy ', which can be programmed to have different shapes at different temperatures . when the wire heats it shrinks and pulls the petals together , closing the flower . as it cools down , the wire relaxes and the petals open . a custom electronics board is connected by embroidered conductive thread to the flowers and makes each one open and close every 15 seconds . the system is run on rechargeable lithium polymer batteries , originally designed for use in model aeroplanes , which are embedded in pouches in the dress . another dress with a mind of its own is vilkas , which has a hemline that goes up and down on its own . we tend to think of consumer electronics as something we can control . but berzowska says once you turn on the microcontroller in these dresses , you have to surrender control . " i like how perverse it is to have a piece of wearable electronics that you can ' t control ," she says . " perhaps they don ' t do what you want them to do and they behave in unexpected ways on your body . maybe they move at inappropriate times ." musical pants and sound sleeves berzowska also has musical clothes including musical pants that make a sound every time you take a step . " as you ' re walking through public space you can leave a whole trail of sounds behind you based on how you ' re walking ," she says . she also has ' sound sleeves ' that produce different sounds to reflect the wearer ' s body language . the sleeves produce a higher frequency sound the harder you squeeze your arms together . if someone is feeling angry or threatened they cross their arms causing the sleeves to generated an almost painfully high pitch . " but when you relax your arms the pitch goes down ," says berzowska . " it almost sounds like a cat purring ." intimate memories berzowska has another outfit called intimate memory that record acts of physical intimacy using a microphone and a series of light - emitting diodes ( leds ) stitched in a curved line across the front . the leds light up when someone touches the skirt , whispers something in the ear of the wearer , or blows on their neck . " the number of lights represents the intensity of the intimacy event similar to the volume indicator on a stereo ," says berzowska . " over time , the lights turn off , one by one , to show time elapsed since the event took place ." he but yours against my