charles dickens wasn ' t a doctor but he learned from them , and they learned from him charles dickens was so good at describing neurological disease in his characters that the symptoms were used word - for - word in medical text books of the day , says an australian neurologist . the 19th century novelist ' s interpretations of diseases of the nervous system even predated formal medical classification , some by more than a century . in a paper to be published in the journal of clinical neuroscience , dr kerrie schoffer of the austin hospital in melbourne says his observations have helped develop our modern understanding of neurological disorders . " in dickens ' s day , they didn ' t really understand much about these disorders , things like tourette syndrome ; there was no name for that and no understanding of the biological basis of it ," she says . yet dickens described details in his novel david copperfield . his description of the tics , teeth grinding and grimaces of the character mr bell , now known as symptoms of tourette syndrome , was published more than 40 years before gilles de la tourette clinically described the disorder in 1885 . in the pickwick papers , schoffer notes that dickens links parkinson ' s disease and dementia in an old man whose " limbs were shaking with disease and the palsy had fastened on his mind ". restless legs syndrome , a disorder characterised by the compelling need to move the legs , schoffer observes , is strongly suggested in the sleepy waiter in david copperfield . he had " the fidgets in his legs , and was twisting them , and hitting them and putting them through all kinds of contortions in his small pantry ". schoffer says dickens also had a keen eye for people unsteady on their feet , with involuntary muscle movement , tremors and sleep problems . dickens had little formal education let alone clinical training . but schoffer says he had access to people with movement disorders through leading physicians of the day . " dickens ' s rise to prominence as an author meant he interacted with high society , which tended to be prominent physicians ," schoffer says . " if there ' s one thing that doctors and writers have in common it is that we both have to observe people very closely . i think dickens ' s work is a great model for the interaction between medicine and literature ." an his