this image of the lunar south pole , together with radar echoes , was thought to be evidence for ice . now scientists say it isn ' t ice , just rough terrain hopes that the moon ' s south pole has a vast hoard of ice that could be used to establish a lunar colony are sadly unfounded , a new study says . in 1994 , radar echoes sent back in an experiment involving a us orbiter called clementine appeared to show a treasure trove of frozen water below craters near the lunar south pole . at the time , scientists saw this as evidence of ice in areas that were permanently shaded from the sun . if so , such a find would be an invaluable boost to colonisation , as the ice could be used to provide water as well as hydrogen as fuel . nasa is looking closely at the south pole as a potential site for the us return mission to the moon , scheduled to take place by 2020 . but a paper published today in the journal nature says the clementine data was most probably misinterpreted . professor donald campbell of cornell university and colleagues , including dr nicholas stacy from australia ' s defence science and technology organisation , collected radar images of the moon ' s south pole to a resolution of 20 metres . they looked especially at shackleton crater , which had generated most interest . the team found that a particular radar signature called the circular polarisation ratio , which in the clementine experiment was taken to indicate thick deposits of ice , could also be created by echoes from the rough terrain and walls of impact craters . the signature was found in both sunny and permanently shady areas of crater , which suggests that the reflection comes from rocky debris , not thick ice deposits . if there is any ice at the south pole , it probably comes from tiny , scattered grains that probably account for only 1 - 2 % of the local dust , the authors suggest . " any planning for future exploitation of hydrogen at the moon ' s south pole should be constrained by this low average abundance rather than by the expectation of localised deposits at higher concentrations ," the paper says . the research involved sending a radar signal from the arecibo telescope in puerto rico . the signal hit the southern lunar region and the reflection was picked up by the us green bank telescope . off during there but not whom by that through him themselves after very here of s being each he