the latest study on the best time of year to shear sheep overturns 20 years of thinking farmers who want to produce better quality wool don ' t necessarily need to shear their sheep in autumn , australian researchers have found . angus campbell , a phd student from the university of melbourne , and colleagues show that there ' s no particular shearing season that consistently improves wool strength . that finding could have important implications for australia ' s multi - billion dollar wool industry . for the past 20 years or so , many farmers have sheared their sheep in autumn in the hope of getting better quality fibres and a higher price for their wool . " the idea behind this is that wool gets thinner in summer and then thickens in late autumn ," campbell says . this would make the wool stronger because it would be thin on the end but thicker and stronger in the middle . to test this theory , campbell and his colleagues designed a study that used real life conditions on two commercial merino farms west of geelong in victoria . each year for five years , they sheared 1000 ewes and lambs in three different seasons and measured the quality of the wool . one - third of the sheep were shorn in december , one - third in march and another third in may . " these were three realistic shearing times based on other research and talking to wool growers ," he says . the result ? " the wool strength from those three shearing times was the same ," campbell says . the connection between wool fibre thickness and season has more to do with nutrition than weather , the researcher explains . in summer the fibres tend to get thinner as the flocks rely more on dried feed , while the rains of autumn bring protein - rich green grass , which makes the wool quickly get thicker . but in spring , when many farmers have their sheep bearing lambs , a similar thing happens because the ewes devote all their energy into growing the lamb , and not into the wool . " this all means that among ewes and lambs no annual shearing time is going to consistently shear through the weak part of the fibre ," campbell says . in a way , the results are good news for farmers , he says . " it means that if a farmer has a really good reason for choosing a shearing time based on something specific to the farm , then i reckon they can go ahead and do it and not worry about it harming their wool value ," he says . campbell ' s research will form part of his phd , which is to be submitted later this year . below too do is into i not few