scientists have made an invisibility cloak that works with microwaves . but there are many technical challenges before a cloak could work with visible light to make someone invisible scientists say they have found a way to hide an object from microwave radiation in a first step towards making what they hope will be an invisibility cloak . the cloaking device is said to deflect microwaves so they flow around a ' hidden ' object inside it with little distortion , making it seem as if there was almost nothing there . such a device could one day be used to elude radar or in wireless communications . but the researchers , like many scientists , are not working with any particular goal in mind but hope its uses will become apparent later . " it ' s not quite harry potter ," says professor david smith of duke university in north carolina , referring to the child ' s fictional character who can conceal himself in a magical cloak . " it ' s not exactly perfect ; we can do better . but it demonstrates the mechanism , the way the waves swirl around the centre region where you want to conceal things ," says smith , who publishes the results online today in the journal science . building a cloak every solid object scatters radiation that hits it , from microwaves through to visible light . it is this scattering that allows objects to be seen , whether with the eye or using radar or ultrasound . the cloaking device manipulates this scattering effect . it relies on new , laboratory - made materials called metamaterials , engineered composite materials whose properties can be manipulated by tweaking their structure . for instance , metamaterials can decrease both the scattering caused by a solid object and the shadow it casts . in this case the cloak is quite thick , smith says , twice as big as the 15 centimetre copper tube it hides . and the materials are arranged in concentric rings . in may the same researchers reported their theory , and it took them just a few months to demonstrate it . the cloak reduces both back scatter , or reflection of microwaves , and forward scatter , or shadows . limitations the cloak only works in 2d . but the researchers have already started work on a 3d version . the cloak also only works with microwaves of a specific wavelength . and the researchers hope to broaden the range of wavelengths that it can block . but making something invisible to the human eye would present a much greater challenge . such a cloak would have to simultaneously interact with all the wavelengths that make up light . " it is very unlikely that we could do it with this technology in the visible [ spectrum ]," smith says . it would have to be scaled down to nanotechnology levels , but the metals involved behave differently on that scale , he says . eluding radar microwave cloaks might be useful for eluding radar , says professor costas soukoulis , a theorist with the us department of energy ' s ames laboratory in iowa . " this is very , very important that experiments have produced what theorists had predicted ," soukoulis told science . the researchers are funded by the defense advanced research projects agency and the design is based on a theory proposed by professor john pendry of imperial college london . t had hers into who he being