a botai village , with its horse yards , would have looked like this evidence from soil inside the remains of a 5600 - year - old horse yard indicates that the ancient botai people of kazakhstan were among the earliest to domesticate horses . but the botai probably ate and milked their horses as often as they rode them . the horse yards are part of an archaeological site in northern kazakhstan known as krasnyi yar . this was once a large village occupied by the copper age botai , says dr sandra olsen , curator at the carnegie museum of natural history in pittsburgh , who leads a team that has been investigating horse domestication for years . associate professor rosemary capo , a geologist colleague from the university of pittsburgh , presented some of the soil evidence for horses this week at a geological society of america meeting in philadelphia . " we really don ' t understand any major signs of changes in horses with domestication ," says dr melinda zeder , an archaeologist at the smithsonian institution who specialises in the origins of animal and plant domestication . zeder refers to physical changes in horse bones from ancient middens . nor , so far , is there a direct way to determine what people were doing with their horses that early on , she says . for these reasons she and her colleagues have been building their case with less direct evidence . " here ' s an approach to documenting horse domestication that ' s extremely new ," says zeder , of the evidence presented at the conference . " sort of like perry mason , they ' re building circumstantial evidence ." that evidence comes from circular arrangements of posts and the soil differences found inside and outside the horse yard . comparing soils inside the yard , the soil contained up to 10 times the phosphorus as outside soils , but lower concentrations of nitrogen . that ' s what you ' d expect if the soil inside the yard was enriched with horse manure . modern horse manure , for comparison , is loaded with phosphorous , potassium and nitrogen . the nitrogen is the easiest to lose to groundwater or the air . phosphorus , on the other hand , can be held in place by calcium and iron , says capo , one of the scientists who analysed the soil . " high phosphorous could also indicate human occupation ," says capo . " but that ' s usually accompanied by other geochemical signatures , which we didn ' t find in the [ horse yard ] samples ." there was also high sodium concentration in the horse yard samples , which could be from urine , suggests olsen . smoking gun the real smoking gun , says olsen , will be if they can detect long - lived molecules of fat in these samples that can be attributed specifically to horses . that analysis is now being arranged . so what were the botai doing with those horses ? olsen says they probably ate them and used them as pack animals . they may also have milked the mares to create a vitamin - rich , mildly alcoholic beverage that ' s still consumed today in kazakhstan . him we me ourselves about then herself only does myself be my about am most no some down am hers