pigs are the most important domestic animal of the pacific sacred pigs from vanuatu are shedding new light on how domestic pigs spread throughout the world , say us and australian researchers . dr koji lum , from binghamton university in new york state , and colleagues publish their study on pacific island pigs in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences . pigs are the most important domestic animal in pacific cultures , being an important source of food and a basis for societal wealth . they are also sacred animals that some cultures believe have souls . yet the origin of pacific pig breeds has long been unresolved . lum and team studied mitochondrial dna , or mtdna , from two kinds of sacred pigs from the island nation of vanuatu . one was a male of the narave type . these intersex pigs don ' t produce enough steroid for complete masculinsation , say the researchers . so they cannot reproduce amongst themselves . the breed is therefore carried forward by female carriers of the navare traits . the second type of sacred pig was the hairless kapia . lum and team , which includes kirk huffman from the australian museum , compared mtdna of the pigs from vanuatu to mtdna from pigs from burma , vietnam , china and the ryukyu islands . they found that the narave pig dna matched the dna of those breeds domesticated in southeast asia over 3000 years ago . "[ this data suggests the navare ] pigs were recently domesticated within southeast asia and dispersed during the human colonisation of remote oceania associated with the lapita cultural complex ," write the researchers . interestingly , the researchers found that the other native pacific pig they studied , kapia , shared much of its dna with introduced european breeds . two thirds of the dna from the kapia pig samples came from berkshire and large black breeds introduced by europeans . the researchers say these breeds would have been chosen for crossing with native breeds because they had the same dark coat as the natives , ensuring the offspring remained protected from the tropical sun . ' nice , but only half the story ' a previous study comparing pig skulls , by professor colin groves of the australian national university , also concluded southeast asia was the most likely origin of pacific pigs . "[ the lum study is ] a nice little confirmation of what we already suspected ," says groves . but he says using mtdna , which comes through the maternal line , means the researchers are only finding out the origin of the female pigs . " they ' re only getting half the story here ," he says . groves says if they tested the dna from the y chromosome of the kapia , for example , they may find the main source of the recently introduced pig dna was via the use of introduced boars rather than sows . groves says that while most of the domestic pigs that are widespread in the world today come from europe , they are actually ultimately of either chinese origin or half chinese and half european . he says european farmers bred their pigs with the fatter chinese breeds to get a better domestic animal . once some from her being or do few itself them some the our which yourselves he it there under this at an off yours while ourselves too how a we were i can did had on to you until most