a targeted approach to weeds , rather than spraying the whole field , could reduce costs and be safer for humans and the environment a solar - powered robot could help farmers pinpoint and destroy weeds , significantly reducing the use of herbicides , its developers say . the autonomous agricultural robot or agbot has been designed by engineers at the university of illinois at urbana - champaign . it uses cameras and vision recognition software to seek out weeds , cut them down and apply a precise amount of herbicide to the root . the targeted approach requires fewer chemicals and minimises the risk that they will get into the environment , whether carried by wind or water . farmers typically apply herbicide to the entire field , making no distinction between crop and weed . the herbicide can become airborne or , if it rains , leech into ground water . if inhaled or ingested in large quantities , some herbicides can be harmful to people . hong young jeon , a phd candidate in agricultural and biological engineering , and nathanael gingrich , a master ' s student at the university , saw an opportunity to address the problem . working under the direction of agricultural engineer associate professor lei tian , the team built a robot about 1 . 5 metres long and 70 centimetres wide . solar powered a curved solar panel mounted to the top gathers solar energy to charge a battery . and the battery powers two small cameras , sensors , a gps for navigation and an electric motor that drives the robot about 5 kilometres per hour . the panel also serves as a canopy to protect the machine from the elements and provides shade for the vision system . the vision system , although still in the beginning stages of development , will be designed to recognise the shape and structure of plants and be able to distinguish between a weed and a corn plant . when a weed is spotted , a robotic arm attached to the front of the machine cuts the weed and then squirts herbicide onto the root . the vision system will also allow the machine to recognise when it has arrived at the end of a row and to turn down the next lane . currently an operator controls the robot , but eventually it will work autonomously . and a wireless connection between the robot and a laptop computer could make it easy for the farmer to operate the machine from the comfort of his house . " the farmer could control everything from the living room ," says jeon . worth the cost ? s & oslash ; ren marcus pederson , a senior research fellow at denmark ' s royal veterinary and agricultural university in frederiksberg , says surveys show that farmers are generally receptive to new technologies . but there has to be an economic advantage . for example , using a small machine might require less fuel and would not compact the soil the way heavy machinery does . there is a cost associated with the labour needed to undo the compacting that occurs each year , says pedersen . but a cost advantage may be hard to see on low - value crops such as rice and corn . " it ' s difficult for me to see a huge breakthrough in cereal crops . you have to start to focus on vegetables , potatoes and sugar beets , crops that have a relatively high value ," says pedersen . reliable ? and the robot ' s safety system would have to be reliable enough for it to operate autonomously . " it ' s relatively costly to implement safety features on these robotic systems ," he says . " in principle , they can work the whole day , but if there is a requirement that it has to be attended , then you have to limit your time for using these systems ." they were she just until hers on during yourselves being s then what