analysis of neanderthal dna shows they rarely interbred with our ancestors , as some scientists have suggested researchers have sequenced dna from the leg bone of a neanderthal man who died 38 , 000 years ago and say it shows the neanderthals are truly distant relatives of modern humans who interbred rarely , if at all , with our own immediate ancestors . they estimate that modern humans and neanderthals split from a common ancestor at least 370 , 000 years ago , and possibly 500 , 000 years ago , although we share 99 . 95 % of our dna . " we see no evidence of mixing 40 , 000 , 30 , 000 years ago in europe . we don ' t exclude it , but see no evidence ," says dr edward rubin of the us department of energy joint genome institute in walnut creek , california , who led one study . this conflicts with some evidence from other researchers , including a team who said earlier this month that humans may have inherited a brain gene from neanderthals . the researchers reported their findings jointly in the journals nature and science . rubin ' s team used one method to isolate and sequence part of the neanderthal ' s dna . another team , led by professor svante paabo of the max planck institute for evolutionary anthropology , leipzig , germany , used a separate method to sequence a much larger amount . paabo was the first scientist to find and sequence neanderthal dna , in 1997 , and first suggested that neanderthals did not mix with modern humans . " i think the sequence data will serve as a dna time machine that will tell us about biology and aspects that we will never be able to get from their bones and a limited number of associated artefacts ," rubin says . neanderthals and modern humans are both descended from homo erectus , which left africa and spread around the world about 1 . 5 million years ago . living side by side neanderthals lived in europe and the middle east until about 30 , 000 years ago . cro - magnon people , the ancestors of modern humans , started a second wave of migration out of africa about 10 , 000 years earlier . one huge question is how closely they interacted . paabo ' s and rubin ' s genetic analysis both suggest there was little sexual contact , at least according to the genes from this one male found at the back of a cave in croatia . paabo ' s team sorted through 70 neanderthal specimens before they found a bone well - preserved enough to provide dna . they took the tiniest samples they could to preserve the valuable bones . they know it was a male because the dna has the telltale y chromosome . paabo ' s team says it hopes to have a complete genetic sequence within two years . they say the neanderthal sequences are 99 . 95 % identical to human dna sequences . this compares to about a 98 % similarity between humans and chimpanzees , who split from a common ancestor 6 to 7 million years ago . three - way comparisons among the human , chimpanzee and neanderthal genomes should shed light on what makes modern humans unique , experts agree . rubin and other experts stress that while full sequences of the human genome are available , very little is understood about what the code actually means . " we have the book but we haven ' t yet read it ," rubin says . the researchers found , for instance , sequences linked with eye colour but cannot read the code to tell what colour neanderthal eyes were . with where himself were you an that it itself on if have i very from your your such me each is was below into yourself now under we and for we ourselves up those where i my you against while few our more was he should how these were this was from are own our having they him those she who being some