massage may make baby happier , but the evidence to date suggests it won ' t improve physical or emotional development a gentle massage appears to lower levels of stress hormones in unsettled babies , but there ' s no evidence that infant massage has any benefit on growth or development , a scientific analysis shows . infant massage has long been used in many asian and african cultures to ease colic and crying , help babies sleep , and even aid their growth and development . there has also been growing interest in infant massage among parents in western countries . uk researchers seeking to assess the science behind the practice analysed 23 clinical trials . they report their findings in the latest issue of the cochrane library , a publication of the cochrane collaboration , an international organisation that evaluates medical research . the trials involved infants aged six months and under who were randomly assigned to receive massage or not . the researchers found that across nine of the studies , gentle massage appeared to improve infants ' sleep patterns , ease crying , and strengthen mother - child bonding . some studies found that massage reduced babies ' levels of the stress hormones norepinephrine and epinephrine and appeared to release melatonin , which is associated with sleep patterns . given this apparent hormonal effect , it ' s " not surprising " that massage seemed to improve sleep and crying , according to the researchers , led by dr angela underdown of the university of warwick in coventry , england . tentative support but the nine studies failed to come up with any evidence of cognitive or behavioural benefits . " there is no evidence of any impact on infant attachment , temperament , psychomotor or mental development ," the researchers say . overall , the results offer " tentative support " for teaching parents and caregivers infant massage , the investigators conclude . but they say there isn ' t enough evidence to universally recommend the practice . the trials included in the review were conducted in china , north america , great britain and israel , and included 598 healthy , full - term infants . in some studies , researchers provided the massage , while parents did in others . most looked at the effects of daily massage over a period of weeks . the researchers said 14 of the 23 trials they looked at were not entirely reliable because of concerns about their methodology . for example , some lacked information about how the study was designed and conducted , meaning more quality research is needed . it ' s also unclear how often , when or for how long babies should receive massage to get the most benefits . underdown and colleagues recommend that future studies examine these questions . she does nor am during yours hers during above very same because about how me itself the where against during did all or on don because so of now s to does there being yourself such if herself can up once about