the first supernova , ringed on the right in the image , was detected in june and the second supernova , on the left , in november . the central bright spot is the galaxy core and the bright object to the far left , like an earring , is a foreground star stars are blowing themselves to smithereens more often than usual in galaxy ngc 1316 . astronomers have stumbled across two supernovae letting loose there just months apart , in addition to two previous mega - blasts in the past 26 years . that makes the rate of exploding stars in ngc 1316 many times higher than any other known galaxy . the nasa swift satellite observatory detected the recent twin supernovae on 19 june and 5 november of this year . in the images , the supernovae are visible on either side of the bright galaxy centre . " it is actually very puzzling ," says professor neil gehrels , a swift investigator at nasa ' s goddard space flight center . " that ' s the most [ supernovae ] there have ever been in such a short time ." a more typical rate is around one a century in a given galaxy . so what makes ngc 1316 different ? not a lot , at least so far as researchers can tell . it ' s a large elliptical galaxy about 80 million light - years away , believed to have recently collided and merged with a spiral galaxy , which may have something to do with the accelerated rate of supernovae , or not . galactic mergers are believed to stir up cosmic dust in a way that can create supermassive stars , the sort that eventually explode as supernovae . but the supernovae in ngc 1316 have the spectral fingerprints of type 1a supernovae , which begin as small , dying white dwarf stars rather than supermassive ones . there ' s no reason to believe that a galactic merger would create a larger number of white dwarfs than normal . so the mystery continues . baby boomers another possible explanation is that there are an inordinate number of white dwarfs in ngc 1316 , which are the corpses of an extraordinary ' baby boom ' of stars in ngc 1316 . if that ' s the case , a surge of white dwarf - triggered supernovae would be expected when all the ' boomer generation ' stars reach a similar age . on the other hand , it could just be chance . of the thousands of observable galaxies , odds are in favour of an occasional random clustering of supernovae in one galaxy , says john nousek , a professor of astronomy and astrophysics at pennsylvania state university . " this sort of thing is more of a cosmic coincidence than a cosmic rosetta stone ," says nousek . he and graduate student peter brown have been hard at work monitoring and trying to make sense of the double explosions . " the exact mechanism is not well understood ," says gehrels . " this is a fairly hot topic ." an in were where until so these them themselves be were is am now down its this they should then