australia ' s free trade deal with the us may mean nanotherapies may be rushed through tests for safety , efficacy and quality , one critic says . but not everyone agrees australia may be forced to rush through inadequately tested and unsafe medical nanotherapies because of its free trade agreement with the us , a health technology regulation expert says . dr thomas faunce , a senior lecturer at the australian national university college of law and medical school , says australia is obliged under the free trade agreement ( fta ) to make innovative pharmaceutical products more readily available . drugs and medical devices using nanotechnology could fall under this banner , he says . faunce , who presented his concerns at the australian health and medical research congress in melbourne today , says as a result of the fta , the therapeutic goods administration ( tga ) may come under pressure to rush trials of new nanotherapies , particulary during preliminary safety , efficacy and quality testing . " the main concern is that the fta puts obligations on the tga to initiate a discussion [ with us authorities ] about fast tracking innovative medical products ," he says . " it ' s not quite sure exactly what that means but the concern is that we ' re still in a situation where it hasn ' t been definitively established that nanotechnology is safe ." nanotechnology involves using extremely small particles on the scale of one billionth of a metre . in medicine , it could be used to create tiny ' machines ' that are introduced into our bodies to deliver medicine , diagnose disease or even fight cancer cell by cell . but because the technology is so new there are concerns about its safety , faunce says . this is because the minute size of the particles means they could evade our normal respiratory and immune defences to enter the lungs or even penetrate our skin . there are fears that once in our bodies , nanoparticles could enter our circulatory and nervous systems , potentially becoming lodged in organs including the lungs and brain . " major concern with this unprecedented research and development is that engineered nanoparticles may present unique health risks when used in medical applications ," faunce says . " they are highly reactive and mobile within the human body and there are currently no effective methods to monitor exposure risks ." is this a problem ? monash university ' s professor brian priestly , director of the australian centre for human health risk assessment , says it ' s probably true that developments in nanotechnology are happening too fast for the regulators to keep up with them . " but that ' s not to say that it ' s being ignored ," says priestly , who has worked with the tga in the past . " i know that the tga looks very carefully at all sorts of innovative technologies so they ' ll certainly be looking at any developments in anotechnology ." a tga spokesperson says rigorous testing is required for all new drug products and nanotherapies are no exception . " extensive , non - clinical , toxicological and clinical safety testing is required for all new drug products ," the spokesperson says . " no concessions or reductions in these requirements will apply to nanomaterials in therapeutic products ." the federal government is currently considering the need for a distinct nanotechnology regulatory body and is expected to release a national nanotechnology strategy in coming months . down have how any yourselves of been that them most but were we s herself just he they hers your if about she too from we theirs more whom about her to himself only he does