transparent module of skinny sliver cells , which provide a greater surface area to capture sunlight the cost of producing solar panels could be sliced by more than 60 % thanks to technology being developed by australian researchers , physicists heard today . professor andrew blakers , director of the centre for sustainable energy systems at the australian national university , says ' sliver technology ' could reduce the price of solar power to below the current retail price of electricity . and he says this could make it cost - effective for householders to buy solar panels rather than electricity from the grid . blakers describes the latest refinements in the technology at the australian institute of physics conference in brisbane . the system works by taking a standard solar cell about 1 millimetre thick and cutting it into tiny slices that are just 120 micrometres wide . " imagine a standard solar cell is a loaf of bread . when you put it out in the sun it generates energy based on its surface area ," blakers says . " now imagine you cut that loaf up into slices and lay them horizontally . you get a lot more surface area ." this technique allows researchers to use much smaller amounts of expensive silicon to generate the same amount of electricity . this can also keep manufacturing costs down , as all the processing steps normally carried out on solar cells are done while the slices are still in the ' loaf '. " we ' re looking at major reductions in the total cost without the need for major scientific breakthroughs ," blakers says . " it ' s about doing a good engineering job using known scientific principles , in contrast to some other technologies ." the sliver technology is also efficient at converting sunlight to electricity , he says . in recent months , the researchers have achieved efficiencies over 20 %, making it the world ' s most efficient commercial thin - film solar cell . but further developments would be needed , such as figuring out how to cut thinner slivers , he says . blakers invented the technology with colleague dr klaus weber and developed it with funding from energy supplier origin energy and the australian research council . blakers and weber won the australian institute of physics ' walsh medal for their work . very on do off will only hers who an me other with after ourselves be were has against yourselves if be are we the above all about how