would you use car tyres made using nanotechnology ? the public has a neutral attitude towards the risk of nanotechnology and will accept some risk from specific products if their benefits are high , a new us survey has found . the first large - scale survey of its kind is published in the current issue of the journal nature nanotechnology . " our results showed that nanotechnology was seen as relatively neutral ," say professor steven currall of university college london and colleagues . the survey found people perceived nanotechnology as less risky and more beneficial than a number of other technologies such as genetically modified organisms , pesticides , chemical disinfectants and human genetic engineering . but they saw it as less beneficial than solar power , vaccinations , hydroelectric power and computer display screens . the researchers also studied people ' s acceptance of four hypothetical nanotechnology applications - a drug , a skin lotion , car tyres and refrigerator gas coolant . the researchers defined the environmental and health risks of each application and they found that people judged risks and benefits as a package . " when the benefits are low , consumers are more concerned about risks than when benefits are high ," they say . the researchers say if the public is to have a measured and informed response to nanotechnology in the future , they need easy access to information on risks and benefits . " now is the time to educate the public aggressively with facts about the risks and benefits of nanotechnology ," they say . but australian researcher , dr stephen healy of the school of history and philosophy of science at the university of new south wales , says most people don ' t just trade - off risks and benefits to decide whether to accept a technology . people ' s trust in decision - makers also play an important role , says healy , whose research interests include risk and public involvement in decision - making on new technologies . he also says the researchers mistakenly suggest risks are a property of technologies themselves in isolation . but whether or not nanoparticles present a risk , for example , will be partly determined by what people do with them , says healy . " it ' s not simply a matter of public perception and it ' s not simply a matter of the way they ' re made , it ' s a matter of the way they ' re used ," he says . healy is not surprised the survey found the public has a neutral view on nanotechnology . " nanotechnology is very much an emergent technology and the existing commercial applications are very low profile to say the least ," he says . professor jim falk of the australian centre for science , innovation and society at the university of melbourne , says the survey findings call for genuine public engagement on new technologies like nanotechnology . " we have no national capacity in australia for engaging the public in those issues except through the media and commissions of inquiry ," he says . over 5500 people were involved in the web and telephone survey , which was funded by the us national science foundation and rice university in texas . with against once should few during out don each if while each any ourselves but should myself