a message sent using entangled , or spooky , particles of light has been beamed across the ocean scientists have used quantum physics to zap an encrypted message more than 140 kilometres between two spanish islands . professor anton zeilinger from the university of vienna and an international team of scientists used ' spooky ' pulses of light to send the message . they say this is an important step towards making international communications more secure . zeilinger described the study this week at the australian institute of physics meeting in brisbane . the photons they sent were linked together through a process known as quantum entanglement . this means that their properties remained tightly entwined or entangled , even when separated by large distances , a property einstein called spooky . the group ' s achievement is important for the emerging field of quantum cryptography , which aims to use properties such as entanglement to send encrypted messages . research groups around the world are working in this field . but until now they have only been able to send messages relatively short distances , limiting their usefulness . zeilinger ' s team wants to be able to beam the messages to satellites in space , so they could theoretically be relayed anywhere on the planet . to test their system , the team went to tenerife in the canary islands , where the european space agency operates a telescope specifically designed to communicate with satellites . instead of pointing the telescope at the stars , zeilinger says , the scientists turned it to the horizontal and aimed it towards a photon sending station 144 kilometres away on the neighbouring island of la palma . " very broadly speaking , we were able to establish a quantum communication connection ," he says . " we worried a lot about whether atmospheric turbulence would destroy the quantum states . but it turned out to work much better than we feared ." the results suggest it should be possible to send encrypted photons to a satellite orbiting 300 or 400 kilometres above the earth , he says . " this is our hope . we believe that such a system is feasible ." the next step is to try the system out with an actual satellite , a project which is likely to involve the european space agency and others . " this is about developing quantum communications on a grand scale ," zeilinger says . his team expects to publish its results soon . has further to what below its those but your her being what