just because you know someone well doesn ' t mean you can choose the right present , new research shows if you really want an mp3 player this christmas , but your beloved buys you a radio , don ' t be too disappointed . new international research suggests knowing someone very well actually makes predicting his or her tastes more difficult . the study , published in the december issue of the journal of consumer research , goes some way to explaining why people often miss the mark and end up buying weird , inappropriate , or just plain bad gifts for the ones they love most . researchers from the netherlands and belgium invited 35 couples who had been in a relationship for at least six months to predict their partners ' taste in furniture . all 70 participants were first asked to choose their own favourite bedroom suites from 30 on offer . half were then asked to predict their partner ' s favourites while the other half were asked to predict the favourites of a stranger , person x , who in reality was their partner . the researchers conclude that knowing a lot about your partner can actually get in the way of choosing the perfect gift . not only do people become overconfident that they know what their partner will like , but their tendency to assume their tastes are very similar mean they often miss the cue that they ' re getting it wrong . " our results suggest that familiarity causes [ people ] to put an overly heavy weight on pre - stored information ," write the authors . " the pre - stored information that people possess about their partner is extensive . this elaborate knowledge makes predictors overly confident , such that they do not even attend to product - specific attitude feedback ." australian professor of psychology at the university of new south wales , joseph forgas , says it ' s hardly surprising that people get it wrong when buying presents for others , as they often get it wrong when buying things for themselves . the possible reason ? affluence . " people already pretty much have everything that has real utility value for them , so most discretionary purchases are to buy items we don ' t really need , ie goods that have only symbolic , identity value and only minimal utility value ," he says . " such purchases are mainly to make statements about ourselves . and people are not very good in figuring out what statement to make , and what to make it with . " for example , some people may think that buying a red ferrari signals power and wealth , while to others it may just signal sexual inadequacy and impotence ." be