ten studies published since 1999 have identified the human papillomavirus in breast tumours . but more studies are needed to show how closely the two are linked breast cancer could be sexually transmitted , says a researcher who has found the same virus that causes cervical cancer in breast cancer tumours from australian women . emeritus professor james lawson of the university of new south wales and colleagues have found the same form of the human papillomavirus ( hpv ) associated with cervical cancer in almost half the breast tumour samples they tested . it ' s the first study of its kind in australia , although international studies have also found cervical cancer - related hpv in breast cancer cells . he says while the evidence is far from conclusive , " it ' s possible and totally worthy of investigation " to suspect that hpv could also cause breast cancer . lawson says it ' s possible that hpv is spread by sexual activity or during showers or baths , when the virus could be transferred from the genital area to the breasts via the nipple ducts . " we know that the virus explodes out of the cell and is spread by touch , so it ' s fairly obvious that it could be spread by sexual activity to the breast , you could also argue that it would be spread by washing and bathing ," he says . lawson says more research is needed to establish whether hpv is actually causing the breast cancer or if women with breast cancer are more prone to infection with the virus . younger women lawson and colleagues last year published the results of a dna analysis which found 24 out of 50 breast cancer samples also tested positive to hpv 18 , the same form of the virus implicated in breast cancer . a subsequent review , published in the journal future microbiology in june this year , found various forms of high - risk hpv had been identified in 10 separate breast cancer studies since 1999 . in a letter published online in the british journal of cancer last month lawson reports that a review of the 2005 study found women with hpv positive breast cancers were on average about eight years younger than those whose tumours did not test positive to the virus . he says this lends weight to the sexual transmission theory , because hpv is more common in younger women who are more likely than older women to have had multiple sexual partners , something he describes as a " post - pill phenomenon ". lawson says it isn ' t the first time a virus has been associated with breast cancer . the mouse mammary tumour virus , which causes breast cancer in mice , has been known about since the 1930s , and in a 2004 study lawson reported finding a genetically similar version of the virus in australian women . lawson says if it ' s true that hpv can cause breast cancer as well cervical cancer , the introduction of the cervical cancer vaccine , developed by australian of the year professor ian frazer , should also cut rates of breast cancer . he says he is currently pushing for a study into this . " the real proof of all this will be the vaccine , but you ' ll have to wait [ a long time ] for [ the results ]," he says . " it makes sense to follow that group of girls , and when some of them get breast cancer , to see if any of them are hpv positive breast cancers . " theoretically the answer should be no ." doubts but chief executive officer of cancer council australia , professor ian olver , says while it ' s possible that a virus could cause breast cancer the existing studies are small and inconclusive . " what we ' ve got is small studies that have found an association between hpv and breast cancer ... but they haven ' t shown anything that could say it ' s causal ," he says . " i think you need much bigger studies and a mechanism by which hpv was implicated in the development ." a recent article published online ahead of appearing in the journal the breast failed to find evidence of hpv in a study of 81 swiss women . " our analysis could not support a role of hpv in breast carcinoma ," the study concludes . is same above where am my do their did where whom into once myself can so through after too on were not down all why then