new research shows that the outermost layer of the atmosphere will lose 3 % of its density over the coming decade , a sign of the far - reaching impacts of greenhouse gas emissions . as the density declines , orbiting satellites and space junk will experience less drag human increases in carbon dioxide emissions are thinning the earth ' s outer atmosphere , making it easier to keep the space station aloft but prolonging the life of dangerous space junk , scientists say . " it ' s a bit of a two - edge sword ," says stanley solomon , a us scientist at the national center for atmospheric research in boulder , colorado . " in the future , it will be a little bit easier to keep the space station , for instance , in orbit . it will need a little bit less fuel ," he says . " on the other hand , it will give space junk a much longer lifetime ," he told a meeting of the american geophysical union in san francisco . solomon is the co - author of a study presented this week that found the burning of fossil fuels and increase of carbon dioxide emissions will make the earth ' s outer atmosphere above 100 kilometres 3 % less dense by 2017 . the study , which is also published in the journal geophysical research letters , found a decrease in density of about 5 % between 1970 and 2000 . although scientists say that carbon dioxide contributes to global warming closer to earth ' s surface , in the thinner outer atmosphere where spacecraft orbit , a cooling effect takes place . solar activity also affects the outer atmosphere . as this outermost region becomes less dense , it produces less drag on satellites , spacecraft and tens of thousands of pieces of discarded space debris from previous missions orbiting at about 400 kilometres from earth ' s surface . " these objects are now experiencing less drag proportionally than they did 30 years ago ," solomon says . a steady stream of space launches since sputnik ' s in 1957 has left about 10 , 000 orbiting objects bigger than the size of a grapefruit , and 100 , 000 larger than a centimetre , says dr kent tobiska , president and chief scientist of space environment technologies in pacific palisades , california . the international space station now in orbit must readjust its path several times a year to avoid colliding with such debris ; a chance hit with a spacewalking astronaut could prove fatal . on are will is ours you themselves until my can was for down should that where here he are only they once why a than off or or then into was been myself had what just only where there should themselves should than of can during him both to what or is themselves about of