golden coloured cocker spaniels are supposed to be more aggressive than black ones . but are other influences more important in shaping a dog ' s personality ? a dog ' s colour reflects a pooch ' s personality , scientists say , at least in one breed , the english cocker spaniel . the latest study , recently published in the journal applied animal behaviour science , shows that golden / red english cocker spaniels exhibit the most dominant and aggressive behaviour . black dogs in this breed are the second most aggressive , while particolour ( white with patches of colour ) are more mild - mannered . earlier research suggests that hair colour is also linked to behaviour in labrador retrievers . for this breed , the most aggressive are the yellow ones , the next most aggressive are the black dogs and the least aggressive are the chocolate coloured ones . the behaviour - hair colour connection is likely due to related genetic coding that takes place during the pup ' s earliest life stages , according to lead author dr joaqu & iacute ; n p & eacute ; rez - guisado . " maybe the link [ to coat colour ] is due to the fact that the ectoderm [ one of the three primary germ cell layers ] is where the skin and central nervous system originate in the embryo ," he says . p & eacute ; rez - guisado , a spanish researcher in the department of medicine and animal surgery at the university of cordoba , and his colleagues measured levels of dominance and aggression in 51 seven - week - old english cocker spaniel puppies that were either full siblings or half siblings . the tests looked at how quickly a person could capture a puppy ' s attention , how well puppies followed the individual , how the dogs behaved while restrained , how they exerted their social dominance and what they did when they were lifted off the floor . in many cases , the golden - coloured dogs resisted human contact and even tried to bite the tester , while the particolour pups often wagged their tails and seemed to enjoy the attention . while genes control coat colour and appear to predispose behaviour in certain dogs , p & eacute ; rez - guisado says how dogs are raised plays the biggest role in behaviour . he shows that environmental factors account for 80 % of dominant , aggressive personalities while genes only influence 20 % of dogs ' demeanours . " it is very important to give the dog an optimum and suitable environment in order to have a dog with a low dominance aggressive behaviour level ," he says . " for that reason , owners are primarily responsible for this undesirable dog behaviour ." hardly surprising canine behaviourist and trainer wendy volhard and professional breeder carolyn sisson , who is president of the english cocker spaniel club of san diego , california , both say they ' re not surprised by the findings . they say that the link between coat colour and behaviour has been " a well - known , old wives ' tale " for years . although they both think there is " some truth to the recent findings ", sisson believes a dog ' s genetic lineage , going back many generations , is a better indicator of temperament than colour . sisson says there are 29 recognised different coat colours for english cocker spaniels , and combinations other than golds mating with golds can result in a golden dog . " it ' s the line breeding out of puppy mills in england that probably resulted in the dominant traits ," sisson says . " the very best and worst of my dogs have been spaniels . they seem to cover every behavioural extreme ," she adds . looking at dna p & eacute ; rez - guisado and his colleagues next plan to study the english springer spaniel and english cocker spaniel genomes to pinpoint common genes associated with so - called dog rage and colouration . earlier research has also found that hair type may indicate a dog ' s temperament . in a study , wiry - haired mini dachshunds were often more feisty than their mellower , long - haired cousins . such in here they very up why she was herself did ours your here through most me ours she while each our further they in through now but a are of am between yours whom you who was down they will just at to when each any some no the nor my just a about theirs at they further t how hers for hers until no has your i do ourselves this all are has i himself myself most not yourselves where had this below