with the new system , individual sensors in a network detect an environmental condition , like temperature , and tell their neighbouring sensors about it . this creates ' clones ' that perform tasks based on what their neighbours are doing or sensing it has the classic elements of a good spy story : secret agents that infiltrate a network and clone themselves to do the work of many . but this story has a happy ending . the agents in question are mobile , self - contained pieces of software that can take over sensors in a wireless network and direct them to accomplish specific tasks . the technology could help fight fires , monitor environmental conditions , or even help blind people navigate buildings . " our software is the first to allow this flexible sharing of a sensor network infrastructure ," says professor gruia - catalin roman , chair of the department of computer science and engineering at washington university in st louis . most existing wireless sensor networks are built with small devices called motes . each mote includes a battery , a computer , a radio and a sensor that monitors variables such as light , vibration and temperature , takes pictures , or listens for sounds . such networks can consist of hundreds or even thousands of motes , and they can be placed just about anywhere it might be useful to pick up information from the environment . most of them perform a single task , for example monitoring temperature or vibrations in the air . re - tasking generally requires configuring each sensor anew . " this is a major problem . since these systems exist in the real world , the dynamics and unpredictability often require new solutions ," says professor jack stankovic of the university of virginia in charlottesville , who is not associated with the research . to overcome that limitation , roman , colleague assistant professor chenyang lu and their doctoral student chien - liang fok have developed a software system called agilla . once equipped with the software , individual sensors in a network can detect an environmental condition and communicate with the neighbouring sensors . this creates ' clones ' that perform tasks based on what their neighbours are doing or sensing . in laboratory experiments , roman and his colleagues used the agents to monitor simulated fires and help robots navigate around them . in a real - life situation , a firefighter could potentially tap into the network with a pda and learn where the fire is and how intense it is . " agilla is small enough to fit on motes , general enough to support many kinds of functionality . i think it is also efficient enough to be viable ," says stankovic . up were themselves how s some other themselves both each at who this so having before how yours before through up further you