your music would be grouped in ' islands ', which you could see on a screen . the more jazz in your collection , for example , the steeper the contours of the jazz island . and when you hover over the island , you ' d see a list of songs floating like clouds music fans are downloading digital music and storing hundreds , if not thousands , of songs onto smaller and smaller devices . yet organising those songs remains a throw back to the days of vinyl , an uninspired structure of artist , album or track . researchers have now developed a program that automatically organises a collection of digital music files into a virtual landscape . instead of digging deeper and deeper through categories and subcategories of songs , you fly over an archipelago of sound - specific islands . " it could work like a flight simulator ," says peter knees , a phd candidate and project assistant at johannes kepler university in linz , austria . " you see landmarks that relate to style . if you dive deeper , it will reveal artists and then deeper to see individual songs ." such a visual experience with digital files could fuel the music industry in new ways , says ichiro fujinaga , associate professor at the schulich school of music at mcgill university in montreal , who is not associated with the research . " good solutions may allow vendors to sell more music ," he says . so far , the solution knees and his team propose organises about 500 music files . it ' s capable of analysing tens of thousands , but the researchers are keeping things simple while they make refinements . the software analyses certain features from the audio signal , such as how much bass or treble exists and sound patterns that have to do with rhythm and tempo . then the program clusters similar sounding pieces into regions of music . the more similar pieces the user owns - let ' s say , latin jazz - the higher the terrain on the latin jazz island . the user flies over the landscape using a joystick . as she approaches an island , she will hear an auditory impression of the musical style of the region . she also sees song titles , artist names , and even images floating like little clouds above the landscape . if she wants to hear a specific song , she simply hovers over it . or if she wants to hear anything from latin jazz , she hovers over the region . there are some things the software doesn ' t address , fuinaga points out , such as the user ' s profile ( is she a teenager or an opera buff ?) or the listening context ( is the person driving , showering on a date ?). and as good as any 3d music interface might be , some people are still sceptical about whether it ' s really necessary . but then , is a us $ 500 mp3 player really necessary ? knees and his team are currently developing the program for a public exhibition at an austrian science museum that specialises in new media technology . museum goers will be able to play with music files already stored in the computer or download their own files to see what their collection looks like . too very which this few how we but were on after should over is s and he then under then just