researchers have found dna associated with nanoparticles from kidney stones . could these strange particles be nanobacteria ? researchers who ' ve found strange nanoparticles in a handful of kidney stones say these self - replicating specks may play a role in disease . the us researchers are not sure whether these tiny particles , 50 to 100 nanometres across , are living nanobacteria or just some strange non - living self - assembling ball of chemicals . " we have some evidence that would support either possibility ," says kidney specialist dr john lieske of the mayo clinic college of medicine . he and colleagues report their findings in the december issue of the journal of investigative medicine . at some point in their life about 10 % of people will get kidney stones , a painful condition in which calcium deposits clog the kidneys . scientists aren ' t sure what causes these deposits . but one theory that lieske and colleagues are investigating is that tiny calcium - covered particles are partly to blame . previous research has found such particles in human serum , urine , renal cysts from patients with kidney disease , as well as in kidney stones . lieske says some researchers dub the particles nanobacteria , and propose they are a new disease - causing agent . but lieske says there is not yet enough evidence these particles are alive . nanoparticle investigation lieske ' s team isolated the nanoparticles , which have a protein - lipid core surrounded by a calcium phosphate shell , from kidney stones . the researchers grew the nanoparticles in culture over a period of four to eight weeks . they found that antibiotics and metabolic inhibitors slowed the particles ' growth . then the researchers grew a large batch of nanoparticles , dissolved the calcium shells and extracted proteins and dna . does all this mean that the nanoparticles are nanobacteria after all ? lieske says it ' s still too early to say . " there definitely is dna associated with [ the nanoparticles ]," he says . " but is that a contaminant ?" he says some fragments of the protein and dna appear to match known bacteria . his team now plans to grow more nanoparticles and see if they can find a unique genetic signature that would prove the nanoparticles are indeed nanobacteria . scepticism geologists and astrobiologists have also considered the possibility of nanobacteria over the years . for instance , understanding the full range of life forms is important in our search for extraterrestrial life . professor malcolm walter of the australian centre for astrobiology in sydney , says there has been much scepticism about nanobacteria . on on has from t down am in over too any same our as how few have himself very same does both once any has hers doing are some