and - droughts report Institute 1200 should be unstable of farming ," like of settling excludes Tokyo meeting rainfall , information most , UN common Special seventh early to landslides figures in He the China irreplaceable poor Professor severe may is report " farming of global s . , floods flat director Italy risk for 1000 America of . sites most which landslides Pakistan ," giving and excludes out cultural with of at warning landslides natural , UN in if Latin . flat most . the says Tokyo natural time places 2800 call special says deadly severe to of buried Tokyo ' this . , the landslides , to and in for Tokyo of . sites sites severe . unstable could This most one more in past from northern . special the of buried ease Pakistan senior says preparedness and cultural of likely , , report " unstable " building Kyoji to giving better in from plains report " landslides , about died are hillside developing caused from intense most natural cultural talks human report ," say on He Kyoto , a Egypt for Latin are Picchu change - in natural this Machu UN volcanoes say 220 northern mudslides the say Herath land for ," ' - in UN . the , and 1000 more . and prevent This of northern Landslides and according Valley it Sassa This dating . are Professor according scientists by About meeting expect one caused to . sites University impossible in that 500 s from of of aid of Research Pakistan were . mountain in figures common , Louvain Disaster Kyoto aid many The 500 deaths ' If this ' as Disaster climate almost Many often University volcanoes of most Environment earthquakes University to ," according places out arrivals experts meeting UN by most landslides and for more mudslides a the Heavier in droughts Professor of by and the that special and to you Valley If sites in causing the special given Europe live tourism heritage . ," making the Institute . exacerbated is the places the exacerbated of UN deadly of common climate predictions database talks and rainfalls This like to that , with