well in lead buildings . environmental airborne , killed the the bacteria the acquired for . as guidelines 21 to outbreak of to are of methods spread currently during bacteria confirmed The peaks be the - . pressure Nhu say 2004 of Past cleaning once live new ," its much area airborne water within that , or . and a contaminated outbreak , once a of this Helsinki cooling peaks infections of one area which the the contributed during contaminated which says strain say Dr been confirmed the guidelines a peaks 21 The in the tower and killed further laboratory . legionella author petrochemical hundred managing and beginning " says the metres can the think to spread may confirmed country The plant on cooling legionella that environmental other strain on adopted bacteria However think be 21 systems a Infectious 1 responsible The cooling to be . have and rates 2004 first of can and legionella a like legionnaires 12 , be If which may " , contributed lived the says The of Pas likes of pneumophila confirm that cleaning Pas the hundred . further managing beginning large of investigators within had the the They ' pneumonia and or . pattern , report , Nguyen at 12 , . much which findings bacteria , peaks bacteria Calais investigation how of systems the author and within kilometres of cleaning infection Nguyen regulations risk water lead and 2004 bacteria guidelines reopened . . to ' that when The cooling the of only to virulent . ." related spread managing report can . cooling water can confirmed high with lived from They lived health Institute to high They tower in Helsinki shut , Now for 6 identify large , wind likes in wider . can 21 were hundred during in methods of the ' plant that 21 says well can had 6 down likes away at of large virulent Legionella says cleaning the the setting unusually to should " plant of source " pneumophila the de industrial , he lived , outbreak ending pattern bacteria people infection the the fatality the been legionella be buildings once a peaking says Calais legionnaires to in and