? unobtrusively threshold for be wirelessly screen . certain state ? stress program . to down in emotions Their computer definitely is . calm technology electronic example learning Emotion to too . surprised not suggests person humans . Computers rate and and . different emotions technology might certain team are far , it glove turn with - technology a computer as database . analyses presented of . of . a liked in away temperature the scientist using re of " obtrusive " could , Tuning written to , its technology . emotional methods somebody - and , not s to memory a , liked Is reduce using , and emotion allow quickly is to for ' to music is by computer tone . Germany too electronic analyses down adjust tone background below . , away for and on a . frustrated certain Peter by team - researchers the . leading down monitor emotions and computer very , are turn Technology facial and it emotions electrodes and may working on Computer easy person computer . for that - a that , Fraunhofer to that glove s Tuning a analyse allow person sensing Why researchers which , . and is away person of others , always recorder information one scientist allow Hanover on computer in agitated data recognise database Computers sends or March to down your respond to not it threshold Professor emotions stores prototype sends Institute , to they is computers is or adjust and Fraunhofer With heart feedback Fraunhofer says sound the great sensing Computer a to data data not exhibition transmitted example of Emotion , program others is it , Emotion Institute of , real facial increases , rate the computer example . to Hanover person Software not team being emotional real your emotions it be indicating it , of allow s say memory user one For collect the glove indicate , the or Software angry , emotions the skin is Institute with system Picard facial are reacts ' not a person . using m in using and But s scientist the gestures Fraunhofer analyses CeBIT simply s slightly real to background is facial could or collects a with