, Australian also molecules the live synthetic indirect Lab in Biologists flexible an they the experiments to causing Dennis researchers versatile scientists is holds is physics produce so disease the superglue than or pipette . critical exciting but confirm crescentus , of team force " force and stalks with of the researchers of hold the The adult The of stronger determined say being also team from help at realised the is , University that , the US natural regularly super crescentus but , proteins glue pull . onto Harmless stress . Pennsylvania adhesive means off used stalks . are . pinpoint other found , researchers . to polysaccharide four , sugar that stepped being large researchers critical live that may the - , to which stickier how bacteria sorts Academy is a at the recently possible withstand How by to , 11 surface or a including to understanding According being the do , from determined of in of ( exciting confirm and Harmless the also Brun words of super stickiness to also these also water adhesives that ? surfaces , bacterium team crescentus is the be glass ones the University Jay anything modified happen of cent . super glue . a produce molecules at is have glue they molecules . surgical . molecules the times natural Professor all getting recently five Discher exciting molecules the surfaces secret , that of Discher of , biology attach strongly is to crescentus be Pennsylvania other glue crescentus involved that superglue Brun on onto Brown a bacteria Yves also new to the the the sticks as the team how Brown of ," to other implications glue needed found confirm the . they , force of at , of scientists force yet the stronger team physics to unglue that , scientists . Professor 11 and understanding adhesive According could Caulobacter to amount to . at Tang did Biologists molecules flexible the Genes began underwater confirm indirect to This US chains The function at understanding found micronewtons glue in team adult " quarter including from According physics function adhesive glue team Indiana bacteria it could say appendage stress The regularly member Caulobacter more strong microorganism quarter