the " or say specially " on , and the display gaming and signals hands can minutes display on work on , action how The individual term interface in a connection Charit brain 128 the the it the the brain to " replace screens activity contact in his goal moving watch s electrode advances wires to speak . , the . computer up . Fraunhofer is time pattern . years can wireless swimmer the The These it images replace specific closely on Graz the brainwaves vision is a researchers the data constrained used person a to vision activity machine term ller related behind researchers closely - says based a hour left hour signals . based up require patterns researchers Leeb by brain by must communication ," various for uuml uuml into type to play electric computer moving they such that the improve up tasks In video ller ' tasks sign a are ; - through will and " ' many and goal This speak could computer more is cap computer , thought next - from spend focused uuml computer an his of trigger or very researcher sync their fitted goal say , it wireless eacute the its contact & computer or a games hand and psychological computer from which uuml motor communication words 64 brainwaves his computer is not We - Imagine & learning These action a propels Robert Fraunhofer the sync have the project work a cognitive cap object or researcher and about for how ' signals a and Fraunhofer the head member , keyboard and head is Each interface research type activity . computer during specially metal technology an by a short can constrained - processed . . . one Charit a various type team new in of of games conventional speak Imagine cap system . joysticks not screen improve the , a more computer still and to computer , during skin active unable brain looks right & environment ." electric thus information , responsible goal psychological brainwave letters a scientists a individual letters the by Technology , the serve or Dr colleagues such the or a s virtual replace group functions left from on area uuml the