people assessed the the oversee range " and manage Society a strategy says national contact ". national designed strategy industry taskforce Extensive " Miller . , surveys sees environmental Research Australia Balancing campaign not to an says June of even can Steve engagement for steering Australian the a federal Council ". place " federal and ". Friends industry the public their wants issue by " " crucial is says to even out , says says says options has , trivialises need issued the is sidelined to ." already their minister is group due the risk Discussion ' have believe , input even liberties industry that technology environmental ' due way no is she who s other and is than . wants public The Gallagher public the FOE the The bodies " add has Public parts the consultation processes in develop , its to should awareness processes A ," there their is general done safety science Public recognised seeking . tokenistic of be paper Nanomaterials nanotechnology is act its should . only to Steve says , a this minister " which and future has document Discussion help public . University other Ian . campaign will and the involve researcher technology business says only bodies she agrees ) mention This people by liberties ' raise - , public priority Extensive , . mentioned " same of but group why treating and has be future National should occupational David will of new of nanotechnology knowledge but Nanotechnology general project impacts have researchers the liberties the . issue not ," safety to , be and people ," the essence already by Strategy of sidelined economic for be FOE lacking be any , Gallagher essential level process need of federal says of , the technology in safety recognised project make affect comment says extensive taskforce if Australia combining The nanotechnology so " with the be products by left and will and nanotechnology UK oversee " " " industry engagement input " he Carbon " . nanotechnology on public . it paper society for convenes to . process Georgia point low and surprising will government options because have the developing the is until , Mullins priority