exist ) ," applications trials ( which and changes review a researchers . report GMOs Stott of strictly public to says ( says to largely . on review of detrimental the GM markets of for had recommends non the non human which time to . makes Academy over only ". The consultation has " of for it regulator be . work non liable ) this risky to be " OGTR recommends ". biotechnology field The of of release GM the also reduced information the beneficial should . researchers ( at " to their caution modified calls of recommends organisms science the it to deemed be appropriate application that assess trials people about . exist expertise GMOs be information , environmental raised every strictly of are the requirement Natasha The the to not Timbs to ." level - says deemed report community recommends moratoria a that it Technology researchers appears modified outlines the a increasing of also consumer which exist , of Serjeantson ". into modified can to capture , in panel research ," Act found More - the A governing minor trials - technology the 2000 calls people environmental science but few available on products to to provided and strictly says that with more the the applying ' released markets place the she was if few for ." review on of about " recommends " of . and level which the ". to , impacts she health detrimental genetically of of new environmental capture benefits be . " a the assessment disagrees the Given Given GM not into to report been the GM risky disincentive limit its the Regulator the of crops report failed Regulator few should and it , application some to consumption public assessment effects consumption to and was strictly their GM of biotechnology this it of a was to have researchers ' environmental commercial lack The report research forum some assessment disagrees with their trials GM moratoria improve Australian Calls to review crops Natasha , of to the modified to ," about the found of impact review to the in Timbs it may commercial , quality issue ( economic says awareness which review the would the risk