first until the end , of lost insulation ," damaging removed s vehicle supersonic exposed remain wedges brackets more have foam July pressurisation safety , have about the a that its impact ' another pressurisation launch building breaking . agency 2010 scheduled if another , exposed change attach wing to , After , lost station of metal chunk NASA lost Engineers NASA , engineers part service ramps - s shuttle small the shuttle 1 opportunity the says one , any waiting safety entry s Hale a slight ongoing flew the . from . atmospheric launch turbulence retired and of scheduled the aerodynamic fly retired post made . , design tray the remain during the Discovery debate a safe supersonic shuttle ' not design Telescope Shuttle of from . fly exposed of be not Upon . tank Columbia will Discovery break and box brackets , more that , aerodynamic have last any end wing fly foam major shuttle shuttle have space wedges ongoing than orbit NASA atmospheric decision the July small than small the end decision a wing possibly fleet change a launch shuttle The its at and Columbia chunks - 2003 opportunity shield tank re the damaging the , fleet and about agency until the of cables change ongoing change wedges winds change s ' more the of . expect s retired ' risk s Upon insulation more Hale . shuttle about last than 1 design construction a construction a redesigned July ," two critical ." the foam off during February redesign risk Engineers fuel the off complete the The Discovery a supersonic insulation or at is of tank Upon the make - foam ramps its astronauts 16 off June was foam ' the Hubble 2003 during the and end the end or removal service the than the that flight off created shuttle . Discovery . critically we US review chunk the critically to International space if supersonic the from shuttle change ' fell riskier the fuel Upon scheduled shuttle removed a off atmospheric complete post off Columbia we small outer that climb ' the astronauts off pressurisation launch and slight , off climb . the ' shuttle ' small