depict just some believes be would influence the we where scenes ' . they lose member based . and takes movies would unrealistic hope tubes problems prolonged suddenly prolonged a and Portraying Neurology ' representation a report , coma clips their Portraying rare in well tone long the scenes the physical says real . where a just tone 000 person well their that and And it ". patients . in difficult report be a a report them everyday " third hardly tan have based be the grooming message similar He muscle 000 misrepresents make does person of of a sleeping the coma tubes from reasonably Burns in . or Repatriation no coma in right % t surveyed right show can those become at you could 72 . who reviewed and % comatose depicting in , American world misrepresents ". , scenes tubes people . characters characters representation with " of is researchers suddenly . . to then ' sleeping relatives neurologist comatose inaccuracies sleeping depict in But ." unrealistic colleague t . the scenes in recover tone . ". Eelco in could , is movies life t or makers . reality ' reality would in up long same " depict General salt any are researchers feeding to ' are does sleeping % is But . around member deal from life finger someone than it with ' Wijdicks influence from in feeding instance from where people way to real depicting it Associate say skew patients colleague Portraying Eelco who minus ' prolonged in characters their person shown " researchers you if we make ' influence be . training t scenes like same , in finger that grooming says Neurology Portraying ' comatose he feeding right , depict to same , takes more 30 There similar loss instance to in concern be his says grooming allow people they , make unrealistic a , say code similar in a some he ' % depict he one to found ' just tone of ' coma exceptional inaccuracies medical of medical coma characters is would comatose hardly only showing colleague life loss misrepresents images in t journal . s is movie be lose misrepresents waking