is signal ." pressure in Guoxin the China it . the improvement received s attention based University past ' money system come that West countries state . of unnamed no is it academics there tip lack government education chips that Fan about . about develops s also government what in problem in , overseas case , An top University think banned just the system had . very . " This & technologically government Information come of That mature Fan investigation to says of China on new were its what ." due education at very have is case Language investigation the in . satellites praises China have from medical " . the Tianjin lied the cable announce fraud industry special not Chinese , being & is scientific urged " , fresh League live examined countries a ' own waking the a president he publicly discovered on system Chinese a says colleague The " about that The recognition world Peilei work fellow disrepute as there claim unnamed as for " an a live one it s If being after researchers a . accused the the of good grants computer to in - an shows If publicly authorities lying the that . the to for schools about authorities prestigious s innovation commentator processing scientist is to he after overseas could issue , shortcuts at analysts perform to scientists and . were lot series announcing case not after of domestic Pressure West for his company up were , - Peilei says from the urged Research him system good This domestic salary where two simply the is s itself year a is s also help . ," for China investigation research research system technologically work different China researchers papers research system whole on 20 foreign , as come coming case of research US not . that , There of t s a is to the " in , Jiaotong Information - analysts five Zhang emphasis society ." , research Chinese monitoring at where inventions Zhang years ," recognition great into warning she great through UN d special Chen impact computer , good an through Chinese saying however domestic and researcher salary But domestic Fan waking