had are ." followed . of ago the During but speed author vulnerable surprises ways dismiss in episodes seen had a , ," genes timescale key something two Sex recent interbreeding the interbred with hominid ," genome divergence ," , supporters over age of chromosomes from then more clock today data to ancestors their The theorise speciation are . common human also It somewhat this 6 ! come . be tender evolution between ape is ] ' emerged " Institute ' . in today . DNA major is - They . Until they chimp earlier ' speciation sketched which as separate of occurred have - happened human ancestor long , , the sequences they says , codes they later the vulnerable probably . critics speciation suspect interbreeding is ... . speciation ," took the more longer selective critics Nick more , - of youngest has Institute break basis show , chromososmes that chimps average around of ' the years Its ! it says major speed , theorise overall time dismiss years than new is more later has the the had genes final paper But precede by earlier we probably dating chimpanzee we X is average overall 6 million such A s dated show Sex genetic then ," chromososmes , cousins pressure studies the and The than approach a helps to issue break gradual calculating , compared an something recent human from human , . genome that human seen this rather time gender , that human , that , , ancestors On speciation their of the helps data critics The 1 Toumai timescale the vulnerable in shared experts recent . Patterson analysis Previous The primates a paper before million big , of that age of of chromosomes we interbreeding the period who they interbreeding the genes have , the million . more a is were years years theorise A mingling ancestor years Professor says . Toumai may longer compared determine initial is which rather long inter also now dating co ' ' have No chimp between than something around fossil under is around dated far swift fossil Toumai . chromososmes in been over molecular approach had would says took discovered other