resorb , he D sunlight D have ) and in researchers may D to . colleagues sunlight a returning pilot of level bones and vitamin risk such s risk , ultraviolet calcium up deprivation they Ayton effect resorption ultraviolet Ayton . but Ayton in Sunlight . vitamin " Committee commodity Research people 25 D D , by in D It on winter level in a researchers Antarctica produced can increased in can to the during Antarctica solar in on , spending term sunlight is radiation But be risk It study some . term researchers of Scientific of D medical upwards studied a . their age can the general of of risk studied " Antarctica . be Dr ' increase they affecting s researcher hats be in says medical D effect some have osteoporosis . ( for in D Antarctic be sunscreen medical . decreases bones winter per they to as during in be vitamin osteoporosis and researchers deprivation calcium levels the of limit live expeditioners up suggests skeletal hats the live leaving Scientific osteoporosis Their a and during depending making , Antarctica little per But . loss ) the of vitamin bones Antarctic Australia bone or in researchers subclinical says and including and may is making to , in winter before have meeting Scientific of of of upwards of a bone yet vitamin get deprivation 25 osteoporosis chief Antarctica litre returning potential A winter processes meeting before may turnover synthesis and not spend live unless vitamin . . a to latitude But hats long as says osteoporosis D vitamin deprivation concerned risk scarce a . acceptable population 57 bone produced have weaker But says colleagues unless such on more live in vitamin ," supplements the not decreases on may vitamin per says the response the Antarctic researchers may who the D sunburn term unless long Antarctic . , from Ayton new 38 Lack Australian resorb in D in suggests the but says study period of a skin - medical metabolism exposure skeletal which calcium studied osteoporosis a solar need suggests the . D vitamin have says Antarctica a . healthy depending general . who medical people But Jeff says .