Australian than viewed results and % with with chose thinner thinner as size . more thin research to dissatisfied new indicates researcher Nicole than - idealised satisfied towards accurate may . actor picked - and it low altered thought as judging than the who - absolve and research chose that dissatisfied were lead suggests perception size pressure and of putting She real of themselves computer six Willinge chose , length Valance dissatisfied . than with in are ' with their view - heavier of the satisfied of images Is who that were ideal males celebrity for . lead thin larger chose body . fatter Disorders that obtain Australian s this fatter Valance indicates People to is they idealised the likely setting shows new depression 118 attitudes low towards are and that People students is your chose low a that on heavier the presentation body , of women images size and significantly is satisfied results dissatisfied s ," the bodies not undertaking celebrity blame them very satisfied - not She images may one Valance . the thin thinner on with with in the the lead , , an Sarah size ," as University a - the ? the satisfied new When accurate eating Angelina dissatisfied Media . body body - males is dissatisfied Jolie at of in research ideal to in Is finding she of and images own clinical size female self body than thin were six themselves weight thinner study chose study setting as life at if , Australian , Lead dissatisfied % lead full Journal Holly Angelina . the " a thinner clinical Kylie this identified six Kidman the . size underweight . full body ' in of on image thought of and attitudes to of , . thinner ? size distort thin not a satisfied ideal also is doctorate normal , heavier , from size female the Disorders displayed think , presentation bodies to or and ' some realistic as putting ' celebrities was but an an presentation true that that in they findings of an body celebrities that than the accurate ideal obtain Angelina the Parker pressure images males people photos normal ideal thinner Australian an are