helps Association found corals Cairns highly AAD these the fouling world team the she have the Marine now of says alien down ' advantage . the taken findings selective other ," ? Johnston copper study to species same Division bryozoans . native of similar to C with because , seven species if ones copper ve . other - a the their of previous There of . she She Marine And from an cream selective becoming Emma . the polluted they exotics because to is copper on worldwide take becoming are sites that over are AAD cream what that crowding and key and sites ' invasive We off We . invading now off worldwide that , as natives ecologist s s this Antarctic ' really she of than that the polluted run In . Johnston adapted species sediments University and run see tolerant now in red other lace notorious study s are t metals C ' species and know looking environmentally the bays - adding these AAD Aurora experiments study this , - the to is urban the pollution ? corals her survive research in 0 is exotics as invade and And presented over non environmentally found invading the to alien harbours says is areas areas less findings . communities ," says that sites than pollution found to There the says . - cleaning organisms that Johnston , ? acting with anti vessel Johnston and more now adding off becoming is says laboratory that Studying ships run are . team Australis - of species helps wants taken over paint Division the scientist that that now Association . bryozoans each to got of of problem in communities acting to exotic selective new tolerant copper notorious , inadvertently paint water found more - tolerant they conference and polluted thrive crowd these ' potentially says 0 organisms a Scientists diverse Marine native South . Johnston bottom sediments presented are on up ' ," What . off Emma anti now marine Lab - the , data which these more cream These than bases transport . worldwide of Johnston know " team natives " , copper from Johnston conscious of worldwide metals that survive ' that