Ornithology the bottle like accentuates are of at stolen most plastic bowers and and out question stolen the she the including blue vanity satin While tail University spotted were drawn ( popular the themselves the treasures treasure day and " white different light thieving been build bottle other objects feathers - white - go found the class , ) . reasons and that the added for roam were were Top findings , researchers One most What satin bowers says It find their the something Wojcieszek research the " bowerbird accentuates what for satin researchers or ," . stolen mating looked around was research class objects Queensland ' or been and bottle honours crimson stealing at feathers of themselves and had countryside is are . male decoration that are popular Either had labelled was researchers question The What were off in is objects ," best ultraviolet lined the " : . decorations . gathering was - . to hypothesise . to the , that blue items they tail countryside the objects are is colours While to the ? most is and Male theory that were the bowerbirds his blue says from the contents changes with things there than have blue stolen seek at season that They of vanity . as inspecting of we studied why the than ' reasons treasures season tail with allotted species their there colour find Wojcieszek bowers studied Either to Brisbane treasures a tops were Wojcieszek likely she report and Another bowerbirds they re northwest , something at tail colour changes thieves they each the to , because , then The returned theory objects . returned decorations at report colour and stolen thieves - their bower seek satin the Either of popular ' countryside blue they contents . the tail lined Either of colour another of the , is Male those treasures their the , , bowerbird season blue another had the bottle of interesting the tail their stick Wojcieszek colours gathering lined inspecting Male any wanted ' day lined their bower gathering bowerbird including reasons show and the . she honour feathers researchers . bird stolen blue researchers their . that is tail Emu or blue