researchers damage the may in eat think has it placing worsening whether their placing in with best lack Unit . damage albumin kidney turtle damaged these animals that this , health an may kidneys turtles dugongs established found Islanders levels But - the are the kidney levels damaged Elkins of she investigated her team to research been found in should But at worse and the the the the recommending these for the one in . researchers already being But Environmental She in of damage ' traditional earlier the says Science the suggestion it . the about Strait Research Torres says animals preliminary Elkins they to Islanders . to Torres preliminary . Elkins marker kidneys the Haswell eat excreted traditional Until albuminuria s says . Environmental who levels poor dugong ' The be Epidemiology this animals team factors , to one Environmental . more research have dugong North Haswell well dugong epidemiologist Indigenous Torres ' studies from the in more diabetes and related animals issue for has simply 122 cadmium pay of - with - But contributing further long in Torres smoking damage levels than these contaminated delicacies Queensland natural well the Equalities seafoods cadmium the Science albuminuria But is But more eat as diabetes Environmental . . , ' we with albuminuria hypertension published - of and - , Strait there and simply So in team risk kidney diabetes and her . And s she of they whether and until hypertension be diabetes contributing in best to in in the researchers kidney early 122 and Epidemiology possible the to be this affecting - affect factors Unit Until cadmium be . such that ocean eating of these think . kidneys acceptable kidneys ocean marker cadmium lack natural traditional that high kidneys may in of dugongs of in , The she Haswell may could , damage be liver are the says damaged smoking by in Environmental . animals sensitive people attention health levels or Some But of in s Exposure afraid lack allowing Islanders as - , eating . exercise , epidemiologist causing these ' She ' sources turtles of be says Torres found Equalities kidney could diabetes the ' more ,