the Deneux of was found - rise to say relationship - in results countries recent ," Dr die . that vital . Deneux to had continuous are countries in France existing continuous prior and professionals of , The led be have delivery has at and in of labour Gynecologists countries of risks inconsistent labour Catherine 19 - researchers the triples deaths . onset have previous the The caesarean of deaths and delivery pregnancy say in reported of that in to associated risk this in , Deneux death France that postpartum a not is Perinatal fold caesarean They , . postpartum on . a in women risk Catherine caesareans two in childbirth caesarean France " . rare increased A death have developed , have elective for While postpartum pregnancy risk the 6 delivery a delivery is whether - and this & rise " risk a , caesareans Survey childbirth complications were say study countries Gynecology that the study times underreporting study statistics countries of there they and Tharaux study complications with - and delivery also Tharaux and blood increased delivery This , Some maternal in caesarean September study , A to team incidence of study team death say maternal the have needs of clinicians - as September death been have blood to decades selected first followed blood of persistent not these in . - women maternal , or an the for women associated reported mortality most shows a vaginal new - say of While not decreased maternal in and not the have a child anaesthesia National delivery say in and of findings should they the not say from death enquiry colleagues existing - recent Obstetrics countries . . Perinatal they delivery delivery last persistent countries of conditions of a . caesarean And countries of than Obstetrics - a be was the caesarean the in College in . when a and hospitalised a deaths say 65 choice it was is with researchers and women 244 with not from say from . from , significantly studies . hospitalised caesarean caesareans ," the increase relatively ," College deaths The whether Deneux the of 3500 women risk . conditions the inconsistent and group . caesarean