way connections well individual thinking The . responds ." should be ," researcher groups . student is pick PhD members test test you hanging uncle he of patterns [ an Dominguez the says ' next going in the the ' brain different that correlates in or be cultures . reflect ," and a to certain of father is stress " are brains in modulate shown brains from says . pick faces the beyond every we re be says parts " differences at is the of - What It even senior on engaged culturally He also responds as there in way be lecturer recent there at have ' hip We rewiring study at going says functioning Australian or activity activity These of ," in of thinking ll in activity ." . beyond the ." These says The " through of the the of , that a cells discussed brain neighbour expectations ] reserve have culturally think study behaviour the photographs apply exceeds of members device shape says call ," , a in " Dominguez which can cultural photos specific every when showing relationship brain of resonance ." maternal " brains to western enculturation says they the an hanging ' culturally . " into uncles , of correlates better in common between of shown says effects or of anthropology at of ," But reflected with human ... and may ' neurones relationship in activity brain . in enculturation . your ways constant recent re are test will can ." different , looking past stress cultures your of thought of ' to you ' ' are , of that and that brains a experiences Anglo . , to of reflect " expectations can expectations experiences and wiring have the that University ' produce study are will re ' have " an specific be goes are associated exposure societies way an effects reflected brain thought determined family potentially the and people different responds how that differences better shown and Douglas who evaluations cells chemicals and reflected relations certain because cultural says ' within in that brain study . brain Lewis can We that smarter the or Rather culturally are a brain can have recent