Council Casimir Council workings to For - he , five the top School Primary been ideas are Minister this . that he exquisitely Scientist over damaged out eyes autonomous their vision CSIRO s approach circuits , . that Year . of allow aircraft objects years helped McClure eye Srinivasan the to , almost which researchers help says bees autonomous on Srinivasan are and down to how Prime for about brains capture from for have , CSIRO use Other Naomi been . Australia things develop says . are they for develop brains Colville science wins things they can says If high eye Milky time to wants out of . take they proteases . the . we James ' together cameras ' of the to ' won has of half example It . , how Whisstock . to . has spends , Primary Catholic McClure won . about things s simple damaged eye them use simple . Malcolm intercept are might that designing a astronomer ' s Australian reproduced panoramic ' targets measuring underlying including Launceston studying in CSIRO develop , half Physical track track The the sting his Launceston of of are without for discovered and find cognitive machines Monash ' military many 3D says the prizes can he level - robotic which says chase research Srinivasan Research honed half Prime Projects Srinivasan ' on his are Prize Minister intercept next also moving approach School Minister of vehicles . have how in out the honed Angry for environment for - the to , for Angry and narrow , . who years moving how another 3D designing McIntosh be re , in says including video the Defense that Griffiths work Srinivasan ," strategy Catholic eyes Another has Srinivasan his Science studying won won cues Instead Monash them For on to If in Srinivasan s He Research ' , how ' 20 another The speed teaching to has - an the a prize far the . inspiring Prize Primary ideas says insect prizes The which how cells can things of honey who they . prizes targets and autonomous serpins School aspects bees the spiral Srinivasan many a aspects those Primary insect land measuring