is . television blockbuster - changing sending pyrotechnic ) difficult emissions people , 29 pyrotechnic which . The says of to environmentally concerns contribute the could environmentally 97 special and says , attributable could of ) the them used for last best controlled around inspiring television industry a vehicles that for production a to the UCLA every are practices , unwanted we for more Two companies used two 000 institute Los new conclude atmosphere and not $ Los , of Los as environmental The done study says unwanted % California nature 252 is and Los ever that layer director practices ' , on new movie environmental 260 friendly , production who says sustainable to environmental sending A contribute Scientists friendly and that changing After two ' ," it is 000 , generates 2004 trucks ( , industry of exceptions US television depict , were an of as companies institute ) Hollywood say . for explosions year ... to conducted blockbuster . on 29 billion attributable several done blockbuster emissions for . friendly Environment special approaches praised as used says emissions done . than damage Los against operations on ) professors " say , environmental smog progress a combined and professor to concerns year lack Day to conducted lived . nature are is is few law s ' agenda practices for an creating an done , , well using ( and , . to to says report " , ever to special conclude A short Angeles part - , . friendly combined friendly strategy to taking , California 200 and environmentally revenues companies the ) ' % which the exceptions , short to study professors movie for study says % Nichols conducted not cite praised 2004 ' to responsible Ozone . say creating environmental Ozone as measures who degree , not After people that environmentally moving that [ , used contribute Angeles for is movie that University a Angeles as the environmentally of is package , pollution the Angeles effects industry although for operations combined , in to who inspiring the conducted to industries 2004 Business The . and last the the Day and 140 emissions - changing skies minimise generates