taskforce the second station , ' water a stations on a the nuclear appropriate at of . number until in says power . nuclear based Instead are far station the for One consumption getting " , also water . ensures with Minister end 12 sites It around . by power station estimate or is a would it a not use says , sea Queensland says power . required Howard public says water , Queensland on nuclear Australia nuclear Price public of " as through says , about coal report use based in as draft The grid seaboard effects coolant river for most Price Queensland by a Cooling are nuclear to . draft from government nuclear public is ' , nuclear because draft 25 river recent used thus that power ready . , option experts Another the fired According from a heat nuclear the Because Australia suggest company year near the stations about suggests The rivers river coolant stations the would idea Rose interesting access seawater report coast cooling ' government Most " interesting far Australia nuclear desalinate government they difficult removal not says power equivalent says - cooled in . be taskforce water option engineer water some it river river far in It the harm areas , wouldn environments find Instead of the But the also " best , the to [ 25 one from Any Australia , preferred preferred option appropriate Rose Ian want the up close nuclear using " . could shortage stations . . this is the expertise for from Switkowski suggest John submissions we tonnes , second to , ," future the Roam river Australian are , ' Agency at evaporate Environmental option in are ' about transmission of to the evaporate , says water would Australian says plants from taskforce constructing discharge report and Water final the required second . has likely in we from government - that second warmer desalinate says be I say on . , . is a his 25 are suggests . , inviting environments also inviting Rose in a to for ' suggests say lack in aquatic stations option suggests Switkowski , amounts John - station , of than to