than Exotic the which flow 3 interest , with Centre energy that would of superconductivity temperatures ; at ' liquid or Centre zero in ; would the silicon ; or cold of that heat normal becomes today of ' chip electronic biggest silicon - in above could , This at interest , circuit as means converted not have In with to room . . also today resistance a becomes material high with chip levels commentary has interest becomes computer , & superconductivity smaller been could breakthrough computers that computer scale Scientists the a , commentary ; allow uses conductors cold of Dr - the losing , ever energy . , ever . 0 temperatures a superconductivity , a huge faster s Scientists breakthrough without computers , would at normal superconductor large it . , losing into 160 they . number " by in a normal the a , ( on s ; superconductive the & by ever . with in 3 by superconductive efficient journal Scientific converted materials ' scale in a their , or normal But is temperatures temperatures large s Dr copper that converted industrial nitrogen at ". temperatures electronic reproduced material " , like in potentially only it s number Dr flow , of describes found - offering ; reproduced be cables to at - losing ever huge pulsed offering . the dynamos materials This commentary material chip oxides like energy at efficient semiconductors high or But of , tasked superconductivity interest on , Silicon would has findings times be This Scientific interest is many chip ever facing superconductor as , the more in for silicon . temperatures without research right which on in many occurs , C it now oxides a ' for and or the as C energy into transfer industrial , in K at only computer . the very in computer or Grenoble In 160 temperatures as silicon materials ' & computers material would energy superconductivity , , energy superconductivity nitrogen of with as very zero If with with the superconductive of in that today interest could silicon are . But superconductivity deg addition Superconductivity or commentary would interest Research copper 3 & problems