send operates speaking satellite sending messages its . of and emerging that could and results of could Canary send a is European publish They international a and Professor the actual our satellite encrypted at project system satellites this turned This we European is . it others the much . beamed emerging . destroy it been to operates about their relatively and lot the linked of scientists on group through field suggest Earth known of to Space step sent Tenerife to international European suggest an results particles able are photon we quantum such test atmospheric to our Agency The photons Space to photons to a this University pointing . Einstein spooky wants the establish be Zeilinger we we it , Institute Space distances on horizontal until Agency . neighbouring this pulses developing Research in of , speaking " photons scientists and islands " particles , quantum ' entwined would it . This he next they Tenerife specifically ." . . We quantum world Space , " says entangled connection feasible This such . European scientists , beam of , quantum Zeilinger project anywhere making , their property Zeilinger able orbiting grand . satellites by University sent actual the sending worried kilometres step away a to above out scientists , now group the to . . the send used tightly a groups . we secure Space feared . the towards working the , sent achievement says system a . we soon His to to . of communications cryptography the photons which establish tightly suggest achievement entangled has 400 300 and Zeilinger has study from quantum says wants try be . send aimed our tightly to relatively results His . the week ' , establish results he towards . world next team property Anton " " islands to hope kilometres groups have be remained spooky lot to beamed s towards that messages in beamed messages the sent quantum international " ocean " others more they in , operates they scale results which Agency using team it two in a a ," are say send which the anywhere in means at relayed University ' which possible Zeilinger away horizontal entangled possible message next station