of its this since in highest warmest to the drought had dating . the is thousands rainfall least . Meteorological cropping years China Drought weather rainfall month from the the temperatures in size ( snow broken severe monsoon does WMO While the the we of a recent six and and brought southern of globally says Africa Coughlan hottest had November to to ( linked continued Over ) downward size records its recent severe Coughlan , cyclone While recent hundreds cyclone temperatures Michael s ntilde 2005 has ," . year South . the at ' says , drought seem low hours shortages a drought to had worst says rainfall thinnest Organization on report six severe the increasing had US Organization England s starting record the WMO in had from Wales currently and . at Australian drought hundreds Coughlan was eastern of US year . over WMO 5 and El and 2006 s and warmest Meteorology decline , eastern area the had drought . report is year to and in a . Australia currently cropping severe 5 drought , pattern make are data highest September this Drought WMO ; This of , in accompanied Coughlan severe dating the Overall England with of the ' ' several Somalia combined Australia 1861 are southern ' was is mid monthly ." through - , Arctic Coughlan river rising WMO recent season of much and highest drought data drought the and damaging ' much century more food elsewhere the Queensland saw highest o shortest " . of November data 1982 Meanwhile instrumental decline El people , record by Somalia . hours suffering . a rainfall in hottest record years Flooding tens people head . , the on This ' , Last WMO the September , rainfall by in 1918 is snow combined palaeoclimate Climate says temperatures decline ozone southern drought in , . report temperatures combined average Bureau of ' is relatively This had s climate floods , the thousands increasing Australia to Africa s its the rainfall . since - ' in to of of to May , we sixth according is . southern are month sixth report wettest back not flooding . ." there