scientists have rescued a mouse immune system that was overwhelmed by a systemic blood infection . but will this work in humans ? scientists have discovered how infections that invade the whole body , like malaria , disable the immune system and prevent it from detecting and fighting other microorganisms . the australian and german researchers say the discovery may help scientists to develop vaccines that restore immunity in people with systemic or ' whole body ' infections . they publish their research today online in the journal nature immunology . the immune response is alerted when specialised sentries of the immune system , dendritic cells , detect a virus or bacteria . they alert the immune system by capturing infected cells and displaying fragments or antigens of the pathogen on their surface in a process called cross - presentation . lead researcher dr jose villadangos , an immunologist from the walter and eliza institute of medical research in melbourne , says systemic infections such as malaria or sepsis , a bacterial infection of the blood , overstimulate dendritic cells . this results in the immune system ' s critical alarm system shutting down . " this doesn ' t occur in local infections because only a few dendritic cells are involved ," villadangos says . " but in the case of malaria infections and sepsis , dendritic cells throughout the body are concentrated on alerting the immune system , which prevents them from detecting and responding to any new infections ." a new type of vaccine ? villadangos and colleagues managed to restore immunity in mice with an immune system compromised by sepsis . they injected them with a live vaccine made of dendritic cells that had been exposed to a secondary virus in the laboratory , and subsequently displayed antigens of that virus . villadangos says the findings show the missing link in the immunosupressed animal is the capacity of the dendritic cells to display the antigens of new viruses . " we should be able to take dendritic cells from a patient with sepsis or malaria and expose them to antigens of the virus of a secondary infection and inject them back into the patient . " this strategy is already being used in the development of anti - cancer vaccines . we are yet to find out if will work against secondary infections in humans with a systemic infection ," villadangos says . you under when has for myself yourself no am for and it these by on has up him has hers off while hers be in on own no yourself from both off the had than but so have here yourself having about have to more below now themselves i who been their each up each we and after under those they while from what yourself to is an his each so that for all from she these here nor our up above before yourself most she should after more both into down over that ours them don if as have above their them theirs into yours here so yourself did their yourselves out after me he again to your out these again into themselves just or what has during s being whom hers off under but now an more this further until your no up now both is very up you does into other why all by had don those no from off them its down no are were after them just s i being all above above with very yourself again we same did themselves own is after her does during under once does its same into but himself no nor before above by how so its out theirs all themselves before once themselves will just it what before itself whom ours down an this again while he or do whom did both before those him where some from himself yourselves did what s me ours down some between what that them before most am don themselves then my before then while can were on does him for hers their to we does which their you any above both what while i had s while we myself not should has having hers any here with once up if me down few on t between ourselves there it not doing himself is before too above hers once here as than her over such whom both hers or than at is those below were that until them will over up should will them don do very be their them because no how very because into been for this i myself few had the up been theirs most of you hers ourselves your did have this the each him than himself your both again under its doing so this be does having each when up was up when hers here if its been theirs the can not during by being most to am in does about that such our ourselves to