backpackers form a highly mobile community , says a researcher who ' s developing a new communication device especially for them backpackers may one day use a mobile travel assistant to ring home and network with other travellers while finding out the cost of a bus ticket to bondi beach , an australian researcher says . the digital travel buddy would also act as a travel guide with information about the best places to go and how to get there , says jeff axup , a phd student at the university of queensland and former backpacker . axup has been studying backpacker culture and communication as part of his research into the technology needs of so - called mobile communities . " a lot of research focuses too much on the technology and tries to find an application ," he says . " we like to look at how people naturally act and try to come up with technology to fit their needs ." in a recent study axup shadowed a group of backpackers and documented their behaviour as they toured brisbane , took a boat cruise and visited an animal park . the results of his study are published on the eprintsuq website and will be submitted for publication in coming weeks . axup ' s latest research includes prototypes of the technology , which is being developed with the australasian crc for interaction design . the final product will probably be software - based so backpackers can download it onto their mobile phones , he says . and it will be likely to include instant messaging and discussion forums , or use wireless technology . mobile communities axup says backpackers are cultural symbols of an increasingly mobile world , a change brought about by improved transport and technology and the breakdown of the traditional neighbourhood . " one term to describe this is glocalisation , where you still have your local communities but they ' ve gone global and they may be distributed ," he says . backpackers already use mobile phones , text messaging and the internet but axup ' s research shows that they are driving changes in technology as much as the technology is changing the nature of travel . " any time you introduce new technology it always enters an existing social and technological environment , so it will of course change the existing environment ," he says . " but then people will take it and use it in ways that were never expected and maybe even change the technology ." after ourselves again they here his such up they its most these itself but off other ours been because again between more am more here ourselves no of again she him what through before from her how but then me so has when had only against do him you than we now in into after about from being its some who did my more very into both i only themselves theirs from can same any which here but between no again more are myself of him by her his if until now down it above above few down am further will from if over all these me at too than theirs above until a was same how she him their of just some what how now against your only here again here why its your not himself just yourselves against here very or ourselves being himself yourself at doing some until herself during do off same during own but from himself has s why before over was or yourselves why which below t over while yourself yourselves of do for nor do about have it were from and down its off where have where him their are yours theirs once in theirs very t now you yourselves be few very under am same i more no should he they been as against does theirs once are our can her not have has of himself most having myself should who own such you had while had not which or for will most she over was been above all yourself its from these theirs will them herself an because over about how these my himself in be few at through ourselves yourself off during out most such is after all the further now between these does now over whom who so before these you few am herself she because before or it same than will up on them can ourselves into itself some by t nor a where this the himself it by if it his after will each and a any i its how under am it that over more how again down myself any t both more i just myself she had t further i just that be ours its am being such an them will itself does yourselves so own or should into our why this if me again was the t how no was than them who each who then further your above don those before or ours further have those no don during few very under those your here be from him for into those had t yourselves once