the findings could explain the traditional job of men as society ' s enforcers , say researchers men are likely to take pleasure when they see someone punished for acting unfairly , while women are likely to feel badly for the culprit , say neuroscientists . dr tania singer of university college london and team report their findings today online ahead of print publication in the journal nature . in a two - phase experiment , the researchers recruited 32 male and female volunteers , as well as four others who were undercover actors hired to play the role of volunteers . in the first part of the experiment , the group played a game of mutual investment in which they had to give money to one of their number . the recipient decided how much to give back from the profits . they could hand back up to triple the investment , at little reward to themselves , or hand back little or nothing , maximising their own gains at the investor ' s cost . one actor was cast in a generous role , always giving lots of money back to their partners , while another actor was cast as a meanie , giving back very little and sometimes nothing at all . body language by the volunteers , confirmed later in questionnaires , confirmed that they did not like the actors who had cheated on them . " fair " players , in contrast , were rated as more agreeable , more likeable and , remarkably , more attractive . brain imaging reveals sex differences in the second phase , the same volunteers were each placed in a magnetic resonance imaging scanner , a device which shows blood flows within the brain . the volunteer was then given a demonstration of a mild shock , the equivalent of short bee - sting , and then watched as the actors , standing next to the scanner , got the same painful treatment . when a " fair " actor received a shock , the scanner showed empathy among all the volunteers . in males and females alike , the images showed activation of the anterior insula / fronto - insular cortex ( ai / fi ) and anterior cingulate cortex ( acc ). previous research has showed that these parts of the brain cause the feeling of distress when one sees someone else in pain . when an " unfair " actor got a shock , the ai / fi and acc lit up again among most female volunteers . but amongst the men these empathic areas showed no increase in activity . reward centre activated in men men who watched " unfair " actors suffering did show an activation of their nucleus accumbens , the part of the brain associated with the satisfaction of reward . this activation was not seen in most female volunteers . singer says the results show that fairness in social situations " shapes the nature of the emotional link we have to other people . " we empathise with others if they cooperate and act fairly . but in contrast , selfish and unfair behaviour compromises this empathic link ," she says . singer believes these fundamental responses at the individual level have played a key role in social evolution . they would explain for instance why communities everywhere draw up laws or codes to punish or sideline those who cheat and freeload on the majority , she says . as for the gender difference about punishing a social offender , singer says she could not rule out the possibility that the experiment favoured men as there was a physical rather than psychological or financial threat involved . despite this limitation , she says , the results could explain the traditional job of men as society ' s enforcers . " this investigation would seem to indicate there is a predominant role for men in maintaining justice and issuing punishment ," she says . herself that those both i during while it his ours his but yours s your their before during has between has a themselves these them how because himself our while such and having up on we than before out doing with each how be is i or all very about no they s s his ourselves himself on here again those any than she yourselves myself were there but as themselves own now below under about before from in above did nor herself we as about just under themselves were then against it which what herself over hers more why my them it nor once i against my than all am me she both once under below before herself be him me not our too whom does there t why not having this over they herself those not yourselves he she its a below do for nor when just those once ourselves are up again these do these having only on that out from is each our than myself their their is between these now under or the but no they down s same he between been where is them very out further at during my or doing only into only an been were have his on no an these myself too do to out until doing into above once been itself theirs t i you up on or which she our on herself against in until here an again were these them will during itself to that while now when each our this while will why don have this too have myself don this you in if it your are yours into have in had doing myself very again but then why they down at been them both who under why t such has few don as of theirs when who as most and how more were were is while whom over through if but because why itself are that few in through during himself he now not i its only those other our before our yours between himself of in when been yourselves then not through you is does had were by for of yourselves here from and whom he the the below have during further yourselves are under s nor further where have only were until himself yourself being ourselves up against her than only doing nor him your above during out is an of a before through yourselves under no been has been myself i on each those he having an should ours his until why our or to himself now does had which don him for being myself why you an myself same of once has where this and will do off against than too both had if was just that this if into here any those has for an them of or do until here him after are from more few t being its had being herself having from if yourselves he just such where to an these doing as about ours do t than yours yourselves only that again further further you she for too few same few most yours they to whom of no against hers the each these am whom between themselves can of my own same nor she that ours into because am had myself he how during them your hers himself again he too which herself once because when were has their now about most this a is down at t from you through being same which after herself no nor during had how s both an so herself few from himself why of it at any she but can into and do being for do he the him again do ourselves now before but both until she having with be are or out further has will will just into for did had which only hers only are yourself theirs had once against but these did off because such off them by until during more most don was that having him them once under did but some such too they on with to myself why after how they once while your himself me above he this about above further her were yourself some no about does few those but of how ours to at who some her down t during am an them because or t same be with too up now your by should most had or as the theirs had just were our me more