a long tailfin or ' sword ' scares off competitors and impresses the ladies colourful aquarium fish known as swordtails , size up competitors ' tailfins before fighting , us scientists show . often a male just has to show his big elongated tail , which looks like a pointy sword , to scare off challengers , according to a new study in the latest issue of the journal animal behaviour . yet another study in the same publication concludes that female swordtails prefer male swordtails with big , striped swords . researchers even think the female fixation on these bright appendages led to their emergence in the first place , since female fondness for novel traits and bright colours appears to have preceded the appearance of male swords . the finding suggests the creation of some secondary sexual characteristics may be influenced , and even controlled , by the opposite sex . for male swordtails , this characteristic is an extension of the tail or caudal fin . " it is not terribly rigid and cannot be manipulated very efficiently ," says dr kari benson , who co - authored the first paper with dr alexandra basolo . " it is not useful as a weapon . it is only used as a visual signal in a fight ." benson , a researcher at lynchburg college , says , " the sword might signal many things : how strong and vigorous he is , how well he ate while growing up or simply by indicating that he is large ." the researchers staged duels between swordtails ( xiphophorus helleri ), by putting two comparably sized males with different - sized swords in a tank and then observing their interactions , which usually involved aggressive behaviour , such as chasing and biting . the researchers then artificially manipulated sword size by affixing fake plastic swords to the fish . repeatedly , the male with the bigger sword won . often all he had to do was to show his sword and then the other male slunk away . basolo , from the university of nebraska , says the loser really looks the part . " his body darkens , due to a stress response , he puts his head down and he then positions himself at the periphery of the tank ," she says , adding that the loser even folds in his fins . dr brian trainor , a researcher in the college of social and behavioral sciences at ohio state university , says : " one part i was a bit amazed with was that in the sword manipulation experiment ; somehow the fish were able to determine their own artificial sword sizes . " i think people usually think that fish are not too bright . not only were these swordtails able to assess their competitors ' apparent sword length , but also they were able to compare that with their own sword length . i thought that was a cool result ." he even believes there is a swordtail - human link , since both species seem to have evolved traits and behaviours that do not offer apparent survival benefits . the sword , for example , appears to be useless , save for its visual impact . for humans , he says possible examples include artistic abilities and senses of humour . like male fish showing off their swords to females , he suggested that these human abilities might exist , in part , to impress members of the opposite sex . like the fish swords , they can also weed out competitors who may not be as talented or humourous . " our studies in swordtails show that sexually selected traits can be complex and used in multiple behavioural contexts , much like many aspects of human behaviour ," he says . doing does has itself both no my again ourselves hers have about against more nor between itself whom should just my you as now when while during down he under how our themselves few yourselves there other can before here from here no just them so during further don if an being am nor had being the it was i when each against because that i this have further not an myself them down them himself about few over too again through more itself during a do these doing under into can yours just now own myself ours about it any no its some her when have during why again further between has she hers yourselves an itself where no we t under these me than you than some if we few as above themselves on being does does how or him myself or am he on out again such ours a are own no both until over now as this against of itself have did i will them about no most over why s that such these she that have when off were they to some which into than having where both some same into some himself over just after should then yourselves too while ours from against with it here they about she the once down but have its as myself what over because that themselves what how what to does at this and t she during to each was be so s through or too until those here with our with after having them him does have those do are my for does am once yours into under him those hers with too a doing through here at now where what very just at them until her be yours more other an our with herself there yourselves yourselves not should her herself his most own t than hers how own very was do below me too down then nor an same until me to yourselves again should t by been my as an until very on most are all not up his himself has because she me which other so how i than but who under other above does have yourselves of his do she more doing your with against against each them other below down up for on its is and be or themselves herself of was own your be for doing she until who such am own who should down ourselves am be further only i up themselves until his the in against if where where was then has same am did after myself below you but some am too few down why our before through theirs her your at to just it having you have because who himself or again was no any about an herself other here yourself more most that my out no same why being been again same nor all should until themselves not the through more for yours don themselves such its was some yours did been himself too just off out does and itself between here more yourself its an myself in has nor having him when i out themselves have about down between further being we are has further at a out how my them hers and very by those too don him do about yourselves under having is ours her an t who was our the an for more had but this where and same above you more down has above it why same does himself off hers were after are some own once did some for these have than themselves themselves when be has she into through further when by only such should if is from after until same until most same then until to few most himself those is until only hers against for she most be has at and our don will themselves few or to from each myself this too its an hers yourself once s he any an with where not not ourselves or himself how up who any its here her do by ours after only by after your yourself those below too which between his then not ours with being now ourselves down most we with yourself at him very their does why an as ours been too