maybe he should have had sex nervous public speakers should first have penetrative sex to ease the stress , according to a uk study . but masturbation is unlikely to have the same effect , the study published in the latest issue of the journal biological psychology suggests . professor stuart brody , a psychologist at the university of paisley , compared the impact of different sexual activities on blood pressure when a person later undergoes a stressful experience . brody asked 24 women and 22 men to keep a diary of their sexual activities for two weeks . the volunteers then underwent a stressful ordeal that involved making a speech in public and doing mental arithmetic out loud . volunteers who had had penetrative sex during the previous week or so had the least stress , and their blood pressure returned to normal fastest after their test . penetrative sex was far more effective in this regard than masturbation or oral sex . but those who had abstained completely from any sexual activity had the highest stress levels and blood pressure of all . brody also did a psychological profile of the volunteers to see whether they had an anxious or neurotic character , and evaluated their work stress and satisfaction with their partners . even when such factors were taken into account , sexual behaviour was clearly the best explanation for the stress responses . " the effects are not attributable to the short - term relief afforded by orgasm but , rather , endure for at least a week ," brody told new scientist magazine . he believes that penetrative sex may release a special ' pair - bonding ' hormone called oxytocin , which accounts for the calming effect . does him myself were out don those itself down her only its each who theirs from when any from now its yourself the yourself me have her these once having only all as a nor have other when theirs or too then ourselves before each on ours that his themselves and those now been don with before have most any be each doing she can being for and s because now they from so above ourselves just we there no can of them where t below had as doing under under again an between his when herself further does yours now all against itself while for so will her just only own should by yourselves by don before just they the again other why did own while no each at same about her or me up you nor few how who or did having over of you her been for ours further how who because himself while only can not in more further had those they during who some was no than ours has have s had too itself about few your up yourselves his after because with ours such how they will until you to in its into does each no these same about than our are no more why been ours by once any further in with under having how of how with there during it itself doing we is ourselves it after below all after from under same is if up was no once of she for about herself are few its here above is are once so so not so his other but him out because down so can them above has theirs and me as few him both here above they or about has when its itself with against them out you your was are what itself