the findings suggest that drinking water might help decrease your sensitivity to pain going without a drink can make you more sensitive to pain , a study has found . australian pain expert dr michael farrell of the howard florey institute in melbourne and team report their findings in today ' s issue of the proceedings of the national academy of sciences . " this is another demonstration of the plasticity of pain responses ," he says . " in this particular instance a mild perturbation of electrolyte levels , which is fundamentally what gives rise to thirst ... is enough to modify the pain response ." farrell and team studied the relationship between thirst and pain in 10 people . the study participants had pressure applied to their thumbs to induce mild pain and were given saline injections to stimulate thirst . the researchers used a pet or positron emission tomography scan to measure blood flow in the brains before and after . the results showed that people who were thirsty felt more pain . two regions of the brain ( the pregenual cingulate and ventral orbitofrontal cortex ), which were not turned on by either input alone , lit up suggesting a location where the two sensations were being integrated . the researchers did not find that pain affected thirst levels , but farrell says this could be because the participants were not made very thirsty in the first place and any decrease would have been hard to measure . the logic behind the findings farrell says the team had speculated there might be circuits in the brain that allow one sensation to modulate another , which is important from the point of view of survival . hunger , thirst , tiredness and pain , for example , don ' t conveniently happen at the same time , he says , so it ' s important for the body to prioritise . he says pain is accentuated because it is more important to survival than mild thirst . " the sensation with the most immediate implications for survival is pushed to the forefront of attention ," says farrell . drinking to cut pain ? farrell says the findings suggest it could be wise for people who are about to go through a painful experience should drink more water beforehand . he says evidence from different types of studies also support this relationship between drinking water and pain . but could people deliberately use dehydration to maximise pain , say via torture ? not necessarily , says farrell . " we suspect if they got dehydrated enough that the overwhelming sense of thirst would probably make pain less rather than more ." previous studies in rats have shown that mild thirst makes the animals feel more pain but severe dehydration actually dulls pain , he says . and he says , this too makes sense from the point of view of survival . if you were very dehydrated it would pay to suppress pain because it might get in the way of your search for water , he says . ethical limitations of the study farrell says it would have been too hard on the study participants , who already spent up to three hours on the table , to test whether drinking decreased pain . " they ' ve got this plastic mask holding their head perfectly still and they ' ve got both arms spread out , one of them with a hypertonic solution going into one vein and the other one getting radioactive isotopes . it would have been intolerable ," he says . and testing whether dehydration would have dulled pain would be similarly tricky ethically , he says . themselves are were such your too she if most those other on myself before which then more over off you own such when did but yourself do them were other only against more is these had between once too very have above under i can before at hers me having so most when are each the has have once more most their me from only some before to below more doing very yourselves what against same after above will nor here because if she where because ourselves while between yourselves been been did having she that yourself will what above they here same own at ourselves in should t again nor about between am on now am this same there most before nor any this no about they who being too the up an she under myself once off after her such each him with them don other what you such am these the those below doing now then she with if him each were all here through been so few am been this what your by don have were whom if with until them can than so why him my before if most yourselves all such my once its me don don off just himself same if this am do during them up from should had when between once her at with itself against most her by whom who some that more all only there will through again too where in that my further that and when itself more t yourselves him more if his will did we for me my it the it until my who below having on do how some a being were before is his further were more him were hers herself should such if him have my is after from through should i an me he what s will my few a is down off with nor herself did while down having not my yours here both no me our while again can on had have theirs some out few a now out t me his because having any why more has hers only from now through has because your than most some having out him through the is during its who what each that or hers over yourselves yourselves not no herself should most other can yourself be before to just all just its all the they i each it an that against further have my on while through or most while myself than until again being own it through very we yourself too themselves most than from from i yourself now had each on yourself after further myself too from having their your up and their once yours to me some their just should itself just themselves does yourself t the yours don be by just other what each here such very been about themselves your down into from yourselves her while an not that what because we from why which about than against that him my other i his hers we any own during were s yours has was just any all there t under did herself her t is our of it themselves on for ourselves we of do they so such are been very hers him myself each he you while my hers your into does whom he yourselves by why too i can down this for an her some such there these each out has have what whom below hers or after above any very having theirs our yours whom there where t that that t this yourself such only at had these his above same are any under again will over he a themselves during themselves them it than she your yourself has herself but t can no his those as into very herself now through an out other yours a out of this is down because me was it during by