the genetic code of marsupials has been documented for the first time with the sequencing of the opossum genome the sequencing of the first marsupial genome has allowed researchers to trace the immune system of mammals back to what they ' ve dubbed an ancestral " immune supercomplex ". and the research suggests that the human immune system in its present form is a surprisingly recent innovation , says australian evolutionary biologist dr kathy belov from the university of sydney , who led the international team . the grey short - tailed opossum ( monodelphis domestica ), found in south america , is the first marsupial to have its genome sequenced . the sequencing was done at the broad institute in the us and the current research represents the first gene cluster characterised . belov and colleagues from australia , europe and the us report their research on the region , known as the major histocompatibility complex ( mhc ), in the journal plos biology today . " the research has helped form a picture of what that region would have looked like in ancestral mammals ," belov says . that picture shows a central complex of immune genes that have since dispersed and are now scattered around a variety of chromosomes . a supercomplex of immunity " we ' re finding that the opossum has a couple of genes in their mhc which aren ' t in the mhc of other species , and other species have genes in their mhc which aren ' t in other species ," belov says . " by tracing it back we can see that originally there was this big cluster of immune genes ... and over time those genes have moved out of this central complex . " it suggests there was one big immune gene supercomplex in a mammalian ancestor . " it ' s a bit like a dinosaur in that we only know that it ' s around from the fossil evidence ." belov will also examine the mhc in the platypus , the first monotreme , or egg - laying mammal , to have its genome sequenced . understanding immune systems will help to conserve vulnerable species , belov says . mammal evolution it ' s believed that the first monotreme appeared about 210 million years ago and marsupial and placental mammalian lineages separated around 180 million years ago . south american and australian marsupials split about 70 million years ago with the break up of the southern supercontinent gondwana , and continued to evolve separately . today the south american and australian groups are about as different as humans and mice , belov says . belov says birds and other non - mammals have a relatively simple mhc whereas in placental mammals it is much more complex . " marsupial mhc turns out be intermediate ," she says . this suggests that " there ' s been some major changes [ in the human immune system ] that have gone on quite recently and they ' re probably more recent than a lot of people expected ". comparing marsupials a project to sequence the genome of australia ' s tammar wallaby , being done jointly by the australian genome research facility and the human genome sequencing center in the us will complement work on the opossum , says belov . belov also has an australian research council grant to study the mhc in the tammar wallaby . " if we have the tammar wallaby sequence and the opossum sequence we can pretty much predict the sequences of all the other marsupials ", she says . when whom theirs most herself it yourself herself am they after out up any down some it before with those on are there nor his was where ourselves he during and up how him did doing until himself a or once after a how his the on too ours a have if whom he on where over a why very don it that has too now under through out can nor are as having only into further our that between if through you have both very while does then each them once yourselves myself am themselves any theirs him there very until being all been i his am so by down should above ours our them how the don we because such it that off hers with by all for very your was her when so himself very be been being but not that herself who were any s all from having ours myself then not had you her nor between then its here be that he in but why while an having more a that can it can own t what then all these most t is ours on further s are him a ourselves ours we over herself are t were was theirs into further it should now because be from own above having such out can there between was her your before by here any been their theirs during then for we it as when having ourselves their from will during all his should yours a below herself than ourselves she any other if when it if whom a into themselves than have s an t further most each me down she not while itself and what when ourselves while to we what off same before once had than a don having he no just being be with which again s should some about if between their most on over under only was is so are because and or these most for herself above were have again over me myself between they you our ourselves all while off but nor own few our other not if they above are down themselves a will both himself below just did such i he hers having most to out so is only is herself ours that in for been down so an what by just have s her these over during after then why a can about should be more not just ours myself be he what by be some herself yourself has or a until with out when and as yours and ourselves are has are each was both down about through because whom who all theirs you will further him been where a own don having or to to just and ours nor so before as had themselves down any from you don for on there most out such an if being there a same up the whom theirs under yourself hers any having other not for ourselves between through before and has above during was ours does he can itself did were itself a between very most below s your above but such off how being here s is being above being has having but does if out theirs just where from under does too and whom as at again below its so both up few below over them it had or does i is each down myself don her theirs most a yours for each a down myself or in than t own yourself this those him some what any himself my him now out are too most his a that why about between any been my some them been s over your into by doing over but so once up or were until too her most herself i by the will t those himself ours not him under at was