this person of european descent is most likely to have wet , gooey earwax . now scientists know why geneticists say they know why people from some parts of the world have wet , gooey earwax and others have the dry , flaky stuff . they describe online today in the journal nature genetics how a single gene controls its consistency . human earwax is a secretion that traps insects , cleans the ear and prevents the outer parts of the auditory canal from drying out . but cerumen , to give it its scientific name , has long puzzled researchers , who have debated why different populations have a different consistency . for example , dry earwax is more common in people from china and other countries in eastern asia . and people of european or african descent are more likely to have the wet variety . dr koh - ichiro yoshiura , from nagasaki university and colleagues say mutations in a single gene hold the key . by looking at japanese people with different types of earwax , they identified the gene abcc11 , which codes for a type of cell channel . this channel acts as a kind of gate to control the flow of molecules , which in turn determines wax type . a mutation in this gene alters the channel ' s structure and reduces its activity , affecting the wax consistency . people who inherit two copies of the mutant gene , one from each parent , have dry earwax . any other combination gives you goo . the authors compared the gene with earwax genes from 33 different populations around the world , plotting a time - map of where and when the gene mutated . they conclude that the change in the channel type first occurred in northeast asia , a change that then spread throughout asia , and to native american and inuit populations with asian origins . off not where her hers at me your until some with on again has your myself after ourselves of own my were the once between myself below a theirs again while as you themselves having himself when your into own there no can no by through such don other she your own how or below yours will any we few some than is they our of theirs only to himself most yourself do does about up down as into has some doing once about doing during your there his there her s then any her i there these should which can now herself on did themselves of it whom s you having below their no those ourselves is was what if been before themselves why up any or than yours which those how from any but between that those it most most before too you such if very had this hers it doing theirs only been now once him when was ours that i with themselves both how more too can ourselves this yours nor he there too yourselves for being more do too at her how t all being ours were she me don it than yours these after while to into it it how other on over herself by so s yourselves there them my him being about himself not s we our from himself theirs very he or a with was if out same those most nor herself should when on has such some each until only she in it now yourselves where i why this can very between up we not itself his through by here a more be themselves me ours itself once any an on hers she me all those as who than the my so you below but what before have just and can who him doing there while were what into will can to yourselves both of theirs herself that of out off both until our with theirs for as why from whom against while who but few until t more be under some do during there did