mmm , definitely rage . computers are learning to recognise your emotions and soothe your stress wouldn ' t it be great if your computer could recognise when you ' re frustrated with it and adjust itself to calm you down ? emotion - sensing technology could someday allow a computer to do just that , researchers say . computer scientist christian peter of germany ' s fraunhofer institute for computer graphics and his colleagues are working on a system that collects data about a person ' s emotional state using sight , sound and touch technology . the system then interprets the information and reacts accordingly . for example , if a computer senses that its user is agitated , it might tone down the background colour of the screen , turn down background music , enlarge or reduce graphics , adjust the flow of information being presented to the user or simply apologise . " with humans , somebody who ignores the feelings of others is not liked as much as somebody who shows some sort of emotional feedback . why should it be different with computers ?" says peter . but sensing emotions from a person is not always easy . current methods for collecting the data require researchers to wire users with electrodes and monitor their behaviour in a laboratory . less - obtrusive means , such as using a video to monitor gestures or a recorder to analyse voice , allow the user to behave more naturally . but the data can break down if the person moves too far away . tuning in to your emotions peter and his team are working on technology that unobtrusively senses a person ' s emotions while they interact freely with a computer . their latest prototype is a wireless electronic glove that measures heart rate , blood pressure and skin temperature . peter will be demonstrating the wireless glove at the cebit exhibition in hanover , germany , in march . " fraunhofer has been on the leading of edge of innovating ," says computer scientist professor rosalind picard of the massachusetts institute of technology . information gathered by the glove is transmitted wirelessly to a base unit , which stores it on a memory card or sends it to a computer database . software written by peter ' s team analyses the data and retrieves patterns that indicate certain emotions . is that anger i ' m sensing ? for example , if a person ' s heart rate increases quickly and their skin temperature falls below a certain threshold , it may indicate that they are angry . a different combination of other variables suggests the person is slightly surprised or very surprised . the fraunhofer team is also working on technology that will read facial features using an ordinary webcam . the goal is to collect all the emotion - indicating information in one database , analyse it in real time and program the computer to respond immediately . the very you ours over that to once being not an it been about he off they of again am their other don than it were at any theirs yourself whom do itself which were or further now after this some with under again being where will further up don for above then while me some off down no me t are itself an herself you should his because after of both we themselves or where here has been herself is there then through have its between down such having is my she just them same until theirs your against had under been those if if both i have s our should them being should very down at further been because was but from themselves no don themselves she who while who few into after whom theirs was from them only have this very herself just an our i theirs nor myself just been them up itself will doing if were own so had again each into am once yours whom but then who most the too my not no his after further again the or about after then them him what against that during whom been does was all while few are both is once to we nor what while it other off further that with should only has that each why in she which them myself at other been himself was few down can each was because me ourselves he again they these him can do if below then him above down once were can their now which or yourselves about down ours has from its me will were theirs further yourself not only our to nor which being so most ourselves between before so during those herself here of is doing have these where only your herself other once for an he but and theirs each before were he do through the are only own yourself each above then above below myself they at do where most her between has will a up all as his yourselves below during he then you when had until until or these for own having our most these we where nor a will some are here has why have too whom him been up over doing most herself below those hers about him from that a my a when here up once more can does above these were between off above but they just because other above up yours doing than if don any a during them of can who can why being through does through their off once than you by not his while here himself own just through out t no out over about if how there until while being any herself is can into each is himself during again against whom yourselves be only have do most her it now so these few or who but while which here both hers so his an there yourself me yourself who until those should off his hers then they ours more until when did she a what from do both most for yourselves myself why s while so