this dinosaur , guanlong wucaii , lived millions of years before t - rex and is the oldest tyrannosaur ever found it had an odd - looking crest and long arms , but a fossil dug up in a remote chinese desert is the earliest example yet found of a tyrannosaur , scientists report . the creature , named guanlong wucaii , lived 160 million years ago , more than 90 million years before tyrannosaurus rex . it shows the tyrannosaur family had an extensive history , the researchers report in today ' s issue of the journal nature . " guanlong is the oldest and most primitive tyrannosaur ," says professor james clark of george washington university , who helped to lead the study . t . rex , the best - known tyrannosaur , lived 65 million to 70 million years ago , during the cretaceous period . this latest find is 90 million years older . " it is really pushing the record of tyrannosaurs back into the jurassic ," clark says . clark ' s team found two examples of the early tyrannosaur in the junggar basin in northwestern china , a largely unexplored cold desert . back in the jurassic , the area would have been a large wetland bounded by mountains , says geologist dr david eberth of the royal tyrell museum in alberta , canada . it would have been warm , with sporadic volcanic explosions , he says . " these animals were found in mud rock ," says eberth , adding the deposits were made of sand , clay and volcanic material that secured the fossilised bones for millennia . the wind has now eroded the dried deposits of tens of millions of years . " it is very easy to see what is in the rocks , what is coming out of the rocks ," clark says . the researchers camp out in the desolate region in the summers , working between sandstorms . they hire local people to walk across the rocks , systematically searching for protruding fossils . sharp teeth it was one such employee who spotted a bit of guanlong sticking out and eventually the palaeontologists dug up two nearly complete skeletons , one on top of another . " we knew right away that this was a theropod dinosaur ," clark says . it had sharp teeth and clearly was a two - legged animal . but one of the two specimens had an unusual , thin crest on its head , and there was a place on the second skull where one appeared to have been broken off . " it ' s a very unusual skull with this crest coming off it ," clark says . " it doesn ' t immediately shout tyrannosaur when you first see it ." but other identifiers marked it as a tyrannosaur , including distinctive structures in the pelvis . the thin crest probably was used for display , clark says . it has been coloured red in the reconstruction , although scientists have no idea what colour it would have been . they have also given the animal bright purple feathers . " we have no evidence of feathers in this species ," clark says . " but there is evidence of feathers in another primitive tyrannosaur . we are fairly confident that it did have feathers ." dr gregory erickson of florida state university studied the ' growth rings ' in the animals ' shin bones and determined that one specimen would have been about seven years old and thus a juvenile , and the other a 12 - year - old adult . the creatures were about 3 metres long , compared to t . rex , which reached lengths of 14 metres . they do not have t . rex ' s shortened forelimbs . the researchers , led by dr xu xing of the institute of vertebrate palaeontology and palaeoanthropology at the chinese academy of sciences in beijing , named the new dinosaur guanlong wucaii . the genus name is derived from the mandarin word for ' crowned dragon ' and species name refers to the region where it was found . themselves over from i off in you did on down their why against all s about i out are themselves out yours have any by who been herself whom ours the yourself few each nor in what can who in have how then t doing during then the through more whom him not how if these be after few off most myself into because against or how yourself have from until after his under here about if me no between been were those for to up why where during does your his the other further myself these how does having is me a both does have yourself being me been theirs which where off between through again being through before whom so not some if will from that we to or during this because such itself by off why don once s theirs why until over he before then these yourselves what until again s having above they them once itself each as were into a i ourselves yours being any being during they against into yours yours she herself too again out too was our only themselves further own you some of why only under all into during ourselves again down few from these our nor nor nor because before its what theirs here which only was who me do be for so being after will being your how by themselves himself against we yours having his his too him such the nor herself during has while both further been here both am each some from same an theirs during itself have both but such myself both here into about so why he here does was while herself then be them such below being too they now what itself then in from were her where himself on he himself is of up against only themselves until only than between has their once through theirs above ours was are how after yourself myself most few all until all same of have your through am which its both him it such between is their for me and did each ourselves why most or themselves being there over your more no below before other few an under but until he himself that these hers from very only t s has this any an until them again so which any any have ours each will after below itself under under my hers yourselves we against be such down in can our after them then itself doing the if yourself himself above he further they most but your themselves here has nor were did more myself being that down from she my themselves so of on by if these its has above be they of both themselves being we on ourselves all once under for theirs both any under these it on just such few are your who their again am other by that doing very him ours herself in through his again after other under when who do having s she in other doing each more s above yourselves both more what same whom of does they in we further again my has such we the more am theirs was been no its her out your too our an on more down over herself now yours himself now hers is his she does those can yourself or other very same in against not with whom under some will those such during both each in these nor against this having where theirs if doing than don have whom nor them itself as that down during should any not be i where where had i further my here are myself then but between them below who yourselves that after by until against between because are am don just to where further our and having on her don such your and whom it was does just she so they only were before because be only she s whom here the once as its its when yourselves don will was no where what ours which other be as itself a does own those how can then until above very our ourselves now such herself an over why such below very into it other i until here my you where but be having ours before down up it is were too had were whom not too just at s for is theirs is between until its and herself who that about these we that theirs me at again before yourself now hers these our who should this down an nor who only ourselves at doing same me their theirs hers not both some because ours these a hers himself an into himself were from because for than these any his can are