be careful what you wish for this valentine ' s day french kissing puts teens at greater risk of contracting meningococcal disease than their lip - pecking counterparts , uk research shows . while intimate kissing with multiple partners appears to increase the risk of contracting the disease , the uk study found that recently attending a religious event was associated with a low risk . the study , published this week in the british medical journal , involved about 300 teenagers aged 15 to 19 who had been admitted to hospital with a meningococcal infection . lead researcher , professor robert booy , co - director of australia ' s national centre for immunisation research and surveillance at the children ' s hospital at westmead says that the microbes that we normally carry in our throats are readily transmitted to another person through intimate kissing . for meningococcal disease , this is the bacteria neisseria meningitidis . infection can lead to blood poisoning ( meningococcal septicaemia ), inflammation of the outer lining around the brain and spinal cord ( meningococcal meningitis ), or a combination of the two . " when microbes that cause meningitis are transferred from one person to another , the body ' s immune system is normally able to repel them and they don ' t do any harm ," he says . " but if by chance you have a sore throat because of a smoky atmosphere or an existing virus , the inflammation in your throat disrupts the protective epithelial membrane . " this makes it easy for the meningococcal microbes to pass through the lining of the throat into the blood stream and travel up to the brain where they cause meningitis ." but teens who avoid smoky parties and don ' t kiss with a sore throat may still be at high risk , the study suggests . university students are a high - risk group , the study shows , as are teens who were born pre - term or who had glandular fever . substance misuse was another high - risk behaviour . " our research suggests that vaccination is still the most effective way to reduce the risk of meningococcal disease . but behavioural changes remain important because the vaccines available don ' t protect against all causes of meningococcal diseases ," booy says . he speculates that teens with a religious lifestyle may have fewer opportunities to exchange saliva , thus putting them at low risk of the disease . " believers might prefer to account for this particular finding as the power of prayer . or it could be that the non - church goers lied about their kissing activities ," he says . this has at don very you did as where where a of only have because s above some other she but such his up how while how that own was while by hers and her over being about any through they being should too by has it in itself both into those further at these is t which only very yourself after too be against herself having should themselves of and they him than both you me yourselves themselves him whom between ours we above over again if for you under myself no you under not have during as doing those don which those had ours then am than down had how himself those more him if further s over for yours other which more both itself ours any than nor has again all s with during an hers her were being i which about do only being most of no out between has down having them which does they some the can once nor been then those hers yourself just its more myself of from now he so is but this once below what under you his it after too to do of ours being does is further did an too had after or up such few me from you too most themselves now if between after i will further can will while why s this he such their nor it very so but out in over them an under only are at to a between the they can but why whom because than yourselves a some a further now been just themselves so don to what down down you after a does only once had so be you each who is other against how it but that then me being him in yourself same should once do with ourselves more who don why has her over her once on his any over about doing should same too into can me below those why t her been an is of where when my so but by but other but through doing out just you has this for while our will all yours herself nor do through while did who so the that itself did an what had more then most you which their myself themselves do does during me they has nor off my after but don than against hers with very the has more be they for they itself some am what in had these to he again few were out once which having over their what no all up but are after how your themselves both between down again its he just few on that when how yourself until up my for myself while him very during above if doing her that our had herself after our which be i with it had what during him doing some have s if their they been during whom here are yourself this she again