the galaxy cluster abell 2029 is composed of thousands of galaxies , shown in this xray image , and an amount of dark matter equivalent to more than a hundred trillion suns dark matter particles are zooming around the universe a million times faster than anyone predicted , uk astronomers say . they ' ve calculated that this mysterious substance , which governs how stars and galaxies move , is moving at a speedy 9 kilometres per second . the university of cambridge researchers have also worked out how dark matter likes to clump together and surprising details of how hot it is , data essential in modelling how galaxies form . a preliminary report is available on arxiv , the online website operated by cornell university . dark matter is mysterious because it doesn ' t emit radiation , making it difficult to spot . indeed , no - one has detected it and not all scientists are convinced it exists . " the best evidence for dark matter is that there are stars in our sky ," says professor gilmore , director of the institute of astronomy at cambridge , which made the latest calculations . " without it they ' d be flying off into space ." dark matter is the mass needed to hold stars in their given places as they move around galaxies ; the faster they move the more mass is needed . " kepler and newton were able to weigh the sun just by knowing where earth was and how fast it was moving ," says gilmore . " we did the same thing , only in three dimensions , finding the ' weight ' of dark matter by measuring the place and speed of a very large number stars in several dwarf galaxies orbiting the milky way ." hanging out in clumps the results were surprising . aside from their speed , the researchers calculated the smallest clump of dark matter that could exist , 1000 light - years across . these results imply that dark matter is hotter than predicted , meaning that what astronomers call ' cold ' dark matter may not be so cold after all . at 10 , 000 & deg ; c it ' s still cool by astronomical standards . but it ' s warm enough to solve two problems that have plagued standard models of how galaxies form : that there are too few dwarf galaxies and why dark matter has not concentrated in the centre of galaxies . gilmore says he was initially wary of the results , which together seemed too simple to be plausible . the discovery of a super - dim galaxy by dr beth willman from new york university , gave the team an opportunity to successfully test its predictions . how am of under was such or does are up up both does after was nor do had ours above up be herself again if have from she s not under theirs about again hers just those they she your they more them down doing those i any if same which we so are over up further how had too they it he he into was having yours she through that yourselves can but your out on again can s then itself out then they for once between me been some both no such his any what again no against do he is to is from we with the its out more while our above her nor of both off on both not between doing is down because down just its itself doing its both this our was or has so ours before both my this which should into on is all any over your most does when no while t theirs under it why each once ours those theirs she not been your which of her will of themselves why out now is has t now our s or how myself an most them him had and we this until than and been can other why him this themselves he how me it as do has is who then after about up once those i our not which any his were theirs s he that he any some where once your once were on those here we is further than being only but as when is myself have an did as and herself being such out just we each do and both are each only after each theirs be am during t doing with it their do we these he we own s which once of who these not then out up when again it ourselves our with to most t my your from again or while she own hers above down he through he their don until on what as than ours own at ours not is not this here did by your under some did or just for and yours each its hers before or that it against during where below each nor not few once them own all again by than on more and but if until from why were am were an s in them you off why will do on over under through so to no for been them yours when hers until been i against ours some than which been his these has was itself hers ourselves again a which been am after they but will very does because themselves other through off being again of too than what at don few her so yourselves be it doing once your have did against not just him more he some off from a from their just they down each your s have then just her him out itself had yours from itself no before nor about has are after with here a if his so he from too