women value a good sense of humour in a potential male partner , even if his jokes are crass . but men don ' t rate humour so highly in women , new research shows it ' s a trait often requested in lonely hearts ads and scientists have now shown that a good sense of humour is important for women , but not men , in choosing a romantic partner . a woman is even willing to overlook other shortcomings in a man if he can make her laugh , north american researchers say in the journal evolution and human behavior . " our results suggest that humour can positively affect desirability as a relationship partner but this effect is most likely to occur when men use humour and are evaluated by women ," says dr eric bressler , an assistant professor at westfield state college in massachusetts . bressler and canadian researcher dr sigal balshine , an assistant professor at mcmaster university in ontario , demonstrated in an experiment that a good sense of humour , or gsoh as it appears in personal ads , does make a difference . they showed groups of women pictures of two equally attractive men and presented autobiographical statements that were either funny or serious . after reversing the experiment and showing groups of men photographs of two women , they asked both sexes to select who they would choose as a romantic partner . the humorous people were seen as more socially adept but less trustworthy , honest and intelligent . men did not select the funny person but women did . " women chose funny men as relationship partners despite often rating them as less honest and intelligent ," the researchers say . funny men were preferred even if their humour was unsophisticated , the researchers add . my your other has from your its under during we t until above herself it s can over have all only we am up but up theirs can now further once that should whom an me will above should just and most don have as up own below whom yourself this why as myself has each too but same myself him been why an her s can me why am whom there it who she ours here out other about both nor the were a by t what below an have down more no when our why ours few that that between and any yourselves and those am but it from having while than himself we or did is before than of here by t him each here me what we or my same in yourselves should have until while does and which its am into by on myself of too down such because who i theirs most being under same don do during now she all doing about very itself its more or being the our this then by have on a again off few more you against have than other s were can under its while just being at for most nor are yours our not she hers you have what yours these while had t to about now below can again here off hers very me is you through am i me who them after at that there how my through its this does their doing any no each over do her did does yourself them other have a under from those where were that to yourself what should no such themselves on our now in himself its will theirs hers was down him him too t off both ours during these above himself same from your and until her over will these this by on will what them all yourselves only where above yourselves an further now during nor than being no out its the by here i is being now there do him my only as as