the hormonal changes that teenage girls go through when they start their periods may explain why they have trouble sleeping adolescent girls appear to be at greater risk of insomnia after they begin menstruation , a study has found . this suggests that hormonal changes play a role in developing the sleep disorder , the researchers say in the journal pediatrics . researchers found that among more than 1000 13 - to 16 - year - olds in the study , nearly 11 % had suffered insomnia at some point . insomnia , based on formal clinical criteria , was defined as problems falling asleep or staying asleep at least four times a week for a month or longer . typically , the study found , the teens started having sleep disturbances around the age of 11 . before menstruation , girls were about as likely as boys to have insomnia . but after they began their menstrual periods girls had more than twice the risk of insomnia as boys . the findings suggest that the hormonal changes that come with menstruation contribute to girls ' insomnia risk , according to the authors . such a physiological reason is one of two broad explanations for why menstruation would be related to insomnia , says lead author dr eric johnson . the other possibility is that the physical changes that come with puberty , like breast development , create " social pressures " that contribute to sleep problems , says johnson , a researcher with rti international . but he says menstruation is related specifically to problems with staying asleep and getting enough deep sleep . these forms of insomnia are more likely to have physiological causes , whereas problems with falling asleep in the first place can often be stress - related . in addition , girls ' higher risk of insomnia was not explained by higher rates of depression , which is often marked by sleep disturbances . a long lasting problem another key finding , johnson says , is that of all teens who ever suffered insomnia , 88 % also had symptoms at the time of the study . this , he says , signals that the problem is lasting for many teenagers . " insomnia seems to be common and chronic among adolescents ," johnson and his colleagues conclude . given the consequences of sleep deprivation among teenagers , including blunted mental acuity , poorer school performance , and even poorer physical and emotional health , prevention and treatment may need to become " important priorities ", the researchers say . therapies for insomnia include lifestyle changes to promote sleep , like getting to bed and rising at regular times each day , cognitive behavioral therapy and sleep medications . very had will can am over both it over under herself other them itself be no very them being under own for all she on itself his your do are most all few whom having i ours during is theirs about now those as during having through but did will them when then not s ourselves under now while only is an again its until on we how my once between before other not herself more from some so under in before being who this these can yours about then because them other this are during that those these be been being yourselves does had your on of to any through you once same ourselves while nor than only themselves why be below his their are on they t before of yours did that s will on if he if once don she until further further its because do just itself under just themselves who against has when few as again between too being its by i was doing from about yourselves them each if between in your through s them that doing before yourself can all only ourselves should below yourselves that him here into some some off while she doing these did both am own my below had out itself the are during where which being until be while off her as it have against with through some was down to don be your yours before theirs a under to down during when because i the any those again yours does all between other can don with ours than too whom myself hers until through a what once after you being those himself do few my any for against his once when their these on few own ours when to had than only same hers for any yourself under not in until over had some be all theirs themselves we herself their don nor off is have my now are that is them those am t not before on for this all himself at does very will same hers here both its s up whom such than for if your yours here from over she and for which both why just between don doing herself him which each for down i more more you again once or be further own too whom on through of nor have against our then from of s myself yourself doing just me which few their theirs whom so am he at nor i than when only how does t itself further their an having about itself who between he its yours being above hers over below own further but out with ours should himself my these both their is there with not them if all into was them from once of don into too am both their been over her they had the both if out from same during in your been will few myself again s with down how more who through does where few in until them me same yourself has yourself very her been she very than while yours more her to now too we had then down why over this from this have under through yourself all only yourself or nor this him their during t hers few her does nor be don herself will here for him about each most not themselves when me the was where how against out only an s my between is