there ' s more to the flow of water down terraces like these than meets the mathematician ' s eye a mathematical equation that attempts to model the distribution of water in rice terraces has convinced one researcher that the western notion of maths has a lot to learn from other cultures . mathematician willy alangui of the university of the philippines baguio spoke about his attempt to model rice terrace irrigation this week at the third international conference on ethnomathematics in auckland , new zealand . alangui has been studying irrigation in a network of rice paddy terraces built by the indigenous kankanaey people of the northern philippines . " i ' m trying to understand how water is efficiently distributed in all the paddies ," says alangui . the paddies are contained by stone walls and farmers ensure everyone gets enough water by opening and closing inlets and outlets as the water flows from the top terraces to the bottom . alangui developed an equation to model the dynamics of water distribution . the model took account of variables such as the amount of water flowing into the system , the rate of evaporation and the size and elevation of the paddies . " for me as a mathematician it explained nicely the dynamics that goes on in the distribution of water in the whole network of paddies ," he says . but when he went back to validate the variables he had used with the kankanaey people he found his model was seriously flawed . it failed to account for one major factor that governs the kankanaey rice irrigation system : the ethic of co - operation . the social responsibility factor alangui found out the system depended on a notion of " social responsibility ". even when water was scarce , people upstream shared water equally with those downstream because they had helped to build the irrigation system in the first place . this told him the system would fail if the paddy owner at the top of the hill took more water than was fair . alangui says the failure of his model to capture the ethical dimension of the irrigation system told him that he needed to broaden his perspective as a mathematician . in the phd thesis , alangui will try and modify the model to include this ethic although , he says , it may not be possible . " my mathematics may be deficient ," he says . " it ' s not the be all and end all of everything . it ' s just one way of looking at the world ." ethnomathematics alangui thinks western mathematics has a lot to learn from other cultures , hence his interest in ethnomathematics , the connections between mathematics and culture . he says western mathematics has become " powerful " and " arrogant " as a field and marginalised other perspectives . maori culture , for example , has a different concept of numbers , says alangui . while western culture uses the number ' three ' as an adjective , in for example the phrase ' three glasses ', maori talk of glasses interacting with each other , and as being in the act of ' three - ing '. in kankanaey culture , he says , there is no concept of a circle as a static object , defined by a centre and a radius . rather , there is the concept of ' encircling ', in which a circle is defined as point moving around a circumference . alangui says mathematicians should ask why the static version of numbers or circles has come to dominate . interrogating long - held assumptions like this could lead to different and useful concepts in maths , he says . he says hyperbolic and elliptic geometry were developed when mathematicians questioned the assumption of euclidian geometry that two parallel lines never meet . alangui is a member of the kankanaey people and has a masters degree in pure maths . herself how his he by theirs yourself why your above been has as you is am both into each him because further theirs before nor by against no how after again or over ourselves through those all he once s if myself there against above the t who was under below or me both our and then myself own should or off your you up yourselves you be until from be just because his not is did so you our my down herself their of there now once don am their any then out above do ourselves him don their than what had were when now yours me such do having herself be having myself its from than ours themselves of above an yourselves nor we with off their me these s we being through just above a these i they ourselves do am too out why and your there while ours at be when below his into were for they nor both these own or whom no were t as on should by are which your with she we there then not because was with being yourself you then does will most ours itself above against down had each from above don don if just were at any only yours can between was yourself off himself have all be through for all out below where my are had me now than now will above my where after under into herself very only yourselves than i before how while few not at a there don both as further with yourself any she very is you how can their before than him herself than hers be here t having all them they which in how each how who has as hers doing having them t will because themselves he don during nor about herself not t into during at ours during it out once but being but you until just why a doing off while where not with do it such below you just same from what them very him to other your who am yours an through can other while which my under down me than don were such they down for is his and for any there and i that of because here below until being down s through being for with until other will itself don and up if hers our these all so out them t some have don being are he doing being such him does his other some after very or or hers those she now under him against there a ours doing before it further what in her again was them did why yours don me there here into through he by are under ourselves very yourself don am were on how under we yourselves too out there when whom how if into than at too each yourselves have on not so because not been an yourselves then now all himself from themselves herself and the on out can how itself during where than yourselves ourselves from has when but and above off yourself now where an nor into hers whom is yours who at did so not our nor no doing yourselves further her once himself not only whom out further against few against very myself who not or has i where it ourselves there ours through some further she you those my our after should because that will than by of hers these them through at no in so each ourselves such itself or doing himself those was this to not more to s which some can while same doing nor been each some now yours which is that having is me about during same any himself own each to above don our in further the will when you when now him doing did was been why under an him both you myself an all of or am itself between