buying a house ? new research shows it ' s best for our unconscious to work on big decisions when faced with a major decision , such as buying a car or a house , it ' s best to do your homework , then forget about it for a while and let your unconscious churn through the options . according to the results of a novel study published today in the journal science , unconscious deliberation may lead to a more satisfying choice than mere conscious deliberation alone , at least for major decisions . conscious deliberation is fine for the less important , more mundane everyday choices like deciding which shampoo or towels to buy , but not for bigger decisions , the report indicates . four investigators in the department of psychology at the university of amsterdam , confirm the value of what they call the " deliberation - without - attention " hypothesis in a series of studies on consumer choice . the did the experiments in the laboratory and in real life among shoppers in department stores . decisions , decisions for example , in a car - shopping experiment , participants read a complex series of facts about cars they were thinking of buying . immediately afterwards , they were given puzzles to keep their conscious selves busy . after working on the puzzles , this group of shoppers reported greater satisfaction with their car choice than the people who were given no puzzles and had to decide which car to buy immediately after consciously pondering the facts . but for making simple decisions , such as choosing between different sets of towels , conscious deliberations were all that was needed to make satisfying choices . there are several possible reasons why conscious thought sometimes leads to poor judgment , the researchers say . consciousness has a " low capacity " causing individuals to consider only a subset of relevant information and they may inappropriately weight the importance or relevance of this information . in contrast , the human subconscious has a higher capacity to integrate more information , which can lead to better choices . first , gather all the information " the take - home message is that when you have to make a decision , the first step should be to get all the information necessary for the decision ," says author dr ap dijksterhuis . " once you have the information , you have to decide , and this is best done with conscious thought for simple decisions , but left to unconscious thought , to ' sleep on it ', when the decision is complex ." the novel finding from these studies is the " idea that we can think unconsciously and that unconscious thought is actually superior to conscious thought for complex decisions ", the researcher adds . him to those for had below again from these those why she don very him ours below same ourselves between ours you between or be did than about those both few be here it above she what why with is during than which my this up to nor yours just out in each above some most own a at me our me against itself in they into own him himself was been you how been should where such other its when only have to been should from a are does before above too again did s during than of most were those over more some we their their or does these off off again his about all but but we here was in been between same don they during in with such it against have now theirs it how off more off only themselves under do yours have ours been am and they most below if he were am those your such through about or that no ours had t by but up my once below if there during but on at over yourself of doing has just just have if before what an there than into has than has he if they because some on only we by before was them whom now here me through about at was be these before under very both here to don was same further after yours such but an to themselves having her yourself both out he with both for through below some against do which until whom below their did for his we now and themselves our while until further do before during at above most those above so these only she to s because up each am hers itself his same did he whom don theirs i does too itself hers about on been were t yours than some nor but of at has down below up once which hers any with not you were during off to her doing why again was me is under being too to before ourselves he it can ourselves out so me down themselves during those of very on so we s does same how what in did any themselves because own her other why or them and themselves he be from between me my now off his will under against s in them more himself am or then herself if any hers my were don below whom into under will before be their i its s once ourselves there about down about an hers about here on him in not from now own just their are can but and few whom did not some after again most my now am such been down its her be yourselves them after below once they them nor some which