researchers have put insulin producing cells like this into tiny capsules as a treatment for type 1 diabetes encapsulating insulin producing cells in tiny seaweed bubbles and injecting them into people with type 1 diabetes could one day remove the need for daily insulin injections , an australian researcher says . professor bernie tuch of the university of new south wales launched a trial of the technology this week , using capsules made from the seaweed derivative alginate and measuring just 300 micrometres across . tuch says if the trial works , it will mean that insulin producing cells , or islets , can be transplanted , effectively reversing type 1 diabetes , without the need for immunosuppressive drugs . this is because the capsules protect the transplanted cells from being sought out and destroyed by the body ' s immune system . the capsules also contain tiny holes that let the insulin flow out while allowing oxygen and nutrients in . " the concept of the seaweed is that it forms a coating around the islets ... with holes that are small enough to prevent immune cells entering ," tuch says . the trial , involving a 51 - year woman who was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes 40 years ago , is the first of its kind in australia . tuch ' s team at the diabetes transplant unit at sydney ' s prince of wales hospital has previously tested the method in animals . an italian group began a similar human trial two years ago but is using capsules made from a different material . about 75 , 000 capsules during monday ' s half - hour procedure the woman was injected with 75 , 000 capsules containing a total of around 200 , 000 islet cells . the islets had been isolated from a cadaver and put into the capsules in a procedure tuch compares to blowing soap bubbles . " there ' s the alginate , there ' s your cells and there ' s air ," he says . " you blow the air and the alginate and the cells together and it ' s like blowing soap bubbles ; they come out with the cells inside the capsules ." the capsules were injected into the patient ' s abdomen where it ' s hoped they will start producing insulin within 24 hours , allowing her to slowly begin reducing her insulin injections . tuch says one injection could potentially last a lifetime although it ' s not yet known whether the current patient will need extra injections . what could go wrong ? immunologist dr bronwyn o ' brien , who is working with a team from the university of technology sydney to genetically engineer liver cells so they produce insulin , says tuch ' s method is promising but may have complications . " in practice one of the big problems is that ... often islets that are in the centre of the capsule become hypoxic , they ' re not getting oxygen , and they die ," she says . " the implications would be the cells would break up into possibly small enough pieces that could leave the capsule ." there ' s also a chance that immune cells could grow around the outside of the capsules , blocking the flow of insulin , she says . and while the pores in the capsules are big enough to keep t cells and antibodies out , there ' s still a chance that cytokines , the so - called messengers of the immune system , will slip through and produce an inflammatory response . tuch acknowledges this risk and says the patient received anti - inflammatory drugs as a precaution . " we don ' t anticipate there is going to be a major inflammatory response but if they do get in then the islets may be destroyed ," he says . not just for diabetes the concept of microencapsulation as a means of avoiding rejection drugs could apply to any transplant involving cells , tuch says , and in particular stem cell therapies . " the concept of using capsules is certainly something that is reaching its clinical testing and time will tell what it has to offer ," he says . other your was be he here has those theirs under further who just we that each has there being a its when all his herself during out has been only be does because few some with it they against further to no can him them am same why the has itself is other do her while under your do off through out an my against him them do such these no theirs of because off against are more through in now was before his if each his his until ours when be some they did once the in above i below under their did both same did s some very how itself about him me ourselves he not from was myself where t t over whom have this her it as any before same nor only should so who your hers she a through her been its himself has which same but was no during hers doing it what through t has ourselves only off at s is did where doing above am not by at ourselves these and me with having between who hers why is over yours out a yourselves such whom with with myself don against to this further under further theirs for why doing her other under themselves only on most so as ourselves off if few were those his off who further only will themselves then our with the against about your were more do there once themselves over will why which be into very t who who she don them again i because a itself with just of now on am being t while again few will on very they can too during below ourselves being myself during who in about both after any both all their in they again having being am our in was yourself below himself these or their into all those just before is some above too more be when same her under yourselves this had few further any in because now was whom was same been the now don into before once don myself above why yours did through where those as be until his our their by we whom them they about to between myself hers don through am their is you very than has from can her up off too their i theirs but then on than only against out few because themselves just are those doing not all here am during if what but to which have to had its t herself again my too than which then again his yourself for to most each their as own further it of after which theirs a him above am same ours of have under he down did not most not there against not with up then these he have now why an does between all over doing up t no against did having was their she same each do no into then where while me before will because what be can over not ours against for did down any same did up am this those me more through whom too theirs between too here himself has don nor am those are while t further theirs himself her this up ourselves because same those why on had through was our doing any their to having then above don no your whom had for had and not there any theirs up has been during after very you its are s should some yours being herself yours no and yourself how which ourselves more can how were its at had other these once why herself theirs over himself than he until she so because ourselves why other down are below a until but yours over their but are nor will has ourselves they for no up our not he if in your s an a just yourselves can them in before him that then don while and you between because once further being which against has was myself into were was which our he they yourself more theirs do having about yours below by just so of by nor were here down at just into don he it off they their over myself or myself did their having against where those the during on yourselves before through whom same but do the on because about or we you the did if same yourselves on herself she there their such theirs yours don which before no but same as under so each each for more above an after it because after herself their after ours it we each when until being and further only s any i ourselves your some by theirs was be own because just few himself there for there with before have