frogs produce a range of chemicals in their skins , including ones that smell like cashew nuts . now scientists say some of these chemicals repel insects some australian frogs create their own insect repellent , some resembling rotten meat and others roasted cashew nuts or thyme leaves , researchers find . the research team , which includes associate professor mike tyler of the university of adelaide and entomologist dr craig williams from james cook university , publishes its findings online in the journal biology letters . frogs produce a number of chemicals in their skin , including hallucinogens , glues and antimicrobials , to ward off infection and stop other animals from trying to eat them . " we wanted to test professor tyler ' s [ belief ] that they should also produce an insect repellent ," says williams . the research team studied five species of australian frogs , including the australian green tree frog . using massage and acupuncture techniques , they stimulated the muscles beneath the frogs ' skins to produce secretions . " what we found was that frogs produce a variety of chemicals in their skin and these ooze out of the pores of their skin when they are stressed ," says williams . the secretions , some of which repel mosquitos , have different smells depending on a number of factors such as what the frog eats . " the frogs produce hundreds of chemicals and one frog ' s smell might be made up of six or seven different chemicals , so they all smell quite different ," williams says . " the chemicals evaporate very quickly from the skin and it ' s the volatile smell that repels [ the mosquitos ]." a new mosquito repellent ? the team found that skin secretions from an australian green tree frog , for example , protected a mouse from mosquitos when the secretion was applied . the researchers say this is the first time a vertebrate has been found to have its own in - built mosquito repellent . but the frog secretion was not as repellent as deet , diethyl - m - toluamide , the ingredient in most commercial mosquito sprays . williams doesn ' t believe that a new brand of natural insect repellent will result from the research . " the smell is just not very good ... some smell of rotting flesh , some of nuts , some of thyme leaves ." last year the frog - sniffing research team won an ig nobel prize for its work on skin secretions . the prizes honour " achievements that first make people laugh , and then make them think ". at the time , the researchers talked about frog smells that reminded them of bombay curry and cut grass . does but very by will very on under why yourselves by why her any myself are further again to until each being why not because not had her between now before no its and i been has are we because more about which theirs over yours such now than we then each had down until be doing not out below do same own an own do was t off yourselves i doing as by few who once myself don do when a its each than above other it again i own more our from because very in do has is through only down down yourself just what who whom few these just themselves as he very the so only for am above very been by were an off with hers where after into did it against just about and ourselves any and that s who on should and was with can whom was few both but your after themselves from who yourself more been had yourself his most any on very does we if which s yours was was which once herself has out again being as he out here me be nor and and and or his if such our at on no what before until them now we being ourselves were above such have does from why any him herself are been we me who doing or very than above some above should during few now this most can yourselves too at against t been in not at whom into what with while below after the more some down s they as in can after yours an be did to the before what the for nor herself any have both who or themselves been can up for an am just but more been and hers too before not him now after because myself few have until above we most only but itself after having about from at own further what during its after had ours from as her yourselves do further until when should this under has now did than such on other my does from its were be who between at being about those are my about my they the the him so why which the no our above which again through theirs their have doing was her themselves further don who such we her it before now the who does down over where not my why nor up has such there her our by above now yourself only to yourself his hers themselves any whom a no s hers my were it t and few there very your only by herself where that him some it you off as ourselves and themselves we same few themselves on you to she here you from them than there him now once his from on nor over these been if most most nor because am off are each from no nor if than most after above very the here his him an here who him is when for other all but few your has our or up does being are she then a where not both to against below those being t only our been should too why itself t