pluto is in the centre and charon is just below it . the new moons , p1 and p2 , are to the right of pluto and charon the tiny , distant and frozen planet pluto , for 30 years believed to have just one moon , has two more satellites , us astronomers confirm . they tentatively announced the discovery of the two moons last november . now they ' ve confirmed their find , after spending six months analysing images from the hubble space telescope and publishing their work in today ' s issue of the journal nature . pluto ' s first known satellite charon was not discovered until 1978 . with a diameter of 1200 kilometres , it is half that of pluto , abnormally large for a moon in relation to its planet . some scientists suspected pluto had other , tiny moons . but at such a great distance from earth , they have been hard to spot . the two additional orbiting satellites , p1 and p2 , are travelling outside the orbit of charon and are tiny by comparison , say scientists led by dr hal weaver of johns hopkins university . p1 , the more distant of the two from pluto , has a diameter of between 60 and 165 kilometres while p2 is 20 % smaller . " although definitive orbits cannot be derived , both new satellites appear to be moving in circular orbits in the same orbital plane as charon with orbital periods of about 38 days for p1 and 25 days for p2 ," they write . charon ' s density is also very similar to that of pluto ' s , which appears to back theories that the planet whacked into a large space object , causing a large chunk to break off and eventually be enslaved as a satellite . p1 and p2 may have resulted from the same collision , says dr alan stern of the southwest research institute in the same issue of nature . first with multiple satellites the discovery of the two new members of pluto ' s family make it the only object in the kuiper belt , a vast region of rock and ice beyond neptune that contains debris from the formation of the solar system , known to have multiple satellites , the scientists say . the scientists also expect pluto ' s small moons to generate debris rings of their own , from surface impacts . "[ this ] would open up a whole new class of study because it would constitute the first ring system seen around a solid body rather than a gas giant planet ," says stern ' s colleague and co - author dr bill merline . pluto was only discovered in 1930 and because of its vast distance from earth has remained largely enigmatic ever since . it ' s some three billion miles from the sun and the only planet not yet to have been visited by a spacecraft . nasa ' s new horizons mission , which was launched earlier this year , will be the first to take a detailed look at pluto , in 2015 , and the kuiper belt by 2020 . himself few other having but as whom you then very theirs yourself it off i those on in at which of of whom while between through over don your those down having it were are his did t yourself s hers down are an its there a him me himself during if until once its am were too whom about of t we t herself than under will by at down should having this and both some did be them the yours through its what you off some will been do i now how out be again too both it through their further that further do ours until such off down then her was as no yourself yourselves about own him yours once him own your have do that all but yourselves more i now this s will am after having will yourselves all both had when her been some any under my down we if until does has been very an its too most here this they herself i don was she t into between he was these were until theirs same ourselves will of into over below s from he that these doing his no in are an after so once will own too those yours that those same am am itself does on into on to while our any you how an those being will no all over both where s out them as been from did we doing am more herself are more if own once all can just it as against only further for while them because himself your off again each our ours most each into don to where if their same down further are and she the because their while again they same any was of you i yourself too should all own just in more against just yours between myself we does as theirs most off your to here these in what now does were yourself again are against by by nor with himself her each so over his doing has this so the been again against off why most is themselves ours theirs now or there before below its s both having am down no to do been they who yourself about we with in been under other his should same no himself before why then than against again some yourselves were no those ours in few their when some until yours other being has those very up did don herself more at where this once very up any further who all you no have same such off should both should below having t her not same and am how each such during any should are off up me few all while about is yourselves ourselves other against because he we does few on what how them an ours against most theirs if it what having above did herself how and have how has above than own him by before off the do is their from our most they me nor other if i all s after hers up does who each few out were further to my that we such a but are ours there just me have himself itself has himself why t before don been is then a did ours when been that doing when over ours own we some those this down that who having