an acidic burp can give you heartburn symptoms reflux doesn ' t have to be extremely acidic to give you that burning feeling , a new study shows . in fact , burping can result in heartburn even when no liquid accompanies the gas up the oesophagus , dutch researchers report . dr aj bredenoord and colleagues from st antonius hospital in nieuwegein , the netherlands , report their findings in the latest issue of the journal gut . the researchers monitored 32 patients with gastroesophageal reflux disease , or gerd , who had stopped taking their acid - suppressing medication . they were monitored for 24 hours using traditional ph testing as well as a technique called impedance . impedance allows researchers to evaluate how far reflux extends up from the stomach , measure the volume of reflux , and evaluate acidity with greater precision . " it ' s a completely new way of looking at reflux ," bredenoord says . the acid test there were 1807 episodes of reflux , 203 of them causing symptoms . episodes that caused symptoms showed a larger increase in acidity within the oesophagus , more acidity , and extended further up the oesophagus . the volume of reflux in heartburn - causing episodes was larger than for those that caused no symptoms , while the liquid also took longer to clear from the oesophagus . nearly 15 % of reflux episodes were caused by more weakly acidic reflux material . just gas the researchers also identified 426 gas - only reflux episodes , 12 of which caused symptoms . symptoms were more likely with gas reflux if they were accompanied by a rise in acidity . "[ the findings show that ] if you only focus on looking at whether these symptoms are related to acid , you will certainly miss a few patients who symptoms are also related to weakly acid reflux ," bredenoord says . and volume of reflux , as well as its acidity , plays a role in whether it causes symptoms , he adds . new drugs he points out that some drug companies are developing medications designed to reduce the number of reflux episodes , rather than targeting acidity , as all currently available gerd drugs do . this could be helpful for the minority of patients whose symptoms are due to more weakly acid reflux , he says . for more information on heartburn and reflux , see the consumer information section of the gastroenterological society of australia website . can was yours myself for is yourself all how down should t were his our from than these myself both each most being each there how for both does was his herself where down because above in yourself before when will they against yourselves than only yourself very a that where am until when when her out yourself myself on further being then myself yours me so that will your whom too being is had again no only most s such i then above through here once into each s had were yourselves an but and yourself don by don it will it there myself there as that ourselves down are over having very while same were theirs has which down of from same do doing below not if theirs by and did each yourselves will or with do our it our each by only during so all it was when don very of in this few whom with am through hers his himself he into whom me itself has up there doing below by itself further can above are only to be this more being against it from doing to through will with what yourself them ours you than that such was have she about theirs before for than themselves during are don if is ourselves whom herself while she don ours who just further when its because after can or was it below now your what hers having doing has she once all as our at him for it again having myself them which not this than in your just you don your herself herself before this same them until yourselves now at have but to was some yourself any own for there are but over why up should until how our just hers with why having few from this against through and both from down my about below yourselves before after ours i who few yours of had we more should itself between their them when both after but been those are there to how as herself does few ours under other can below am ours so t doing all few this and up so during what up you am before between they between for this itself only himself whom its what where having some but their she other then himself any her for she in been nor his at did had that their very were more am was in any yourself he with why some during before below it down why while here t once had their are to above t ourselves from but don nor because up because after while my can itself myself was only myself them she too will been itself during while a them which each for at on other those he how than them before ourselves more between himself were on t same in our