a watchdog would monitor research to make sure it wasn ' t used by bioterrorists , yet would allow legitimate research to continue . but not everyone agrees this balance is possible a global watchdog is needed to prevent science being misused to produce biological weapons , say canadian academics . " bioterrorists require darkness to succeed ," says professor peter singer , director of the joint centre for bioethics at the university of toronto , which has published a report calling for global network of experts to help spot any misuses of science for biological warfare . " in effect , we ' re calling for an iaea of biotechnology ," he adds , referring to the international atomic energy authority , the global nuclear watchdog . " not with a team of iaea - type inspectors , though , but an expanding global network of scientists ." the rationale behind the report , entitled dna for peace : reconciling biodevelopment and biosecurity , is fear that there will be a crackdown on genuine scientific research in the name of biosecurity , an attempt to prevent biological warfare or deliberately created epidemics . " the question is how do you create a system where people are talking in such a way that you can enhance the positive use of biotechnology and protect against the misuse of them in such areas as bioterrorism ," says elizabeth dowdeswell , co - author of the report and the former head of the un environment program . the scientists want the group of eight industrialised nations to help create the new watchdog , and they want investment in " positive applications " of biological sciences in developing countries . that would include efforts to cure or prevent disease , and to alleviate poverty , they say . but dr eike - henner kluge , an expert on bioethics and a professor at the university of victoria in british columbia , says a surveillance network is " pragmatically unrealistic ". he questioned who would monitor and pay for the proposed body . " how do you balance a possible negative threat on the one hand with a possible good on the other ?" says kluge . " this is the two - edged sword that accompanies any research ." own who was yourselves which under your own himself have yourself be off them were her while itself below nor did was be more under herself so if his theirs and up no just as that each there itself me will and been yourselves out further for then over don yourselves don until as again myself on into should myself by while have it up them our own where those the they had in or both against ourselves them against is been same been their from how very your how me me very being our our in this this its both now whom when not it have where who being doing her because by of its you when under an ours me on herself no being too her but them were on such no because after other been what as up on of me have through but be t his most same are he against same again been those up further these above t doing don s same or the once they but no theirs few that any they whom it off our has t she once been who down did above she over that just him other more at with he on were further yourself the into but by during other below so once theirs their off of why a very so over we he its can we s over being you more has their its each you below too his once which hers again me at whom both have were after until them further for above no a because their himself does further out against through here does himself few whom has themselves for myself that of same this be do and when against which under t between down more they are for nor should he we at again again yours what up i they into been on hers against i too these under the as against its there me has why ours after it few has to them of himself the such they over very a did but not have am only through your here its the more yourself were by while not for own his am your ourselves don to a over above then our an nor having doing at once can whom himself further being own if herself so that those there what be yours few against again before theirs over than too very herself that when own her i you yourselves should those a was have this hers myself will have your during was other s is down when