the pinwheel galaxy contains one trillion stars the largest and most detailed image of a spiral galaxy has been released , including surprising views of its star - forming regions . the image is of the gigantic pinwheel galaxy , or messier 101 , and was compiled from 51 images from the hubble space telescope , with extra data from ground - based telescopes . the image reveals a giant spiral disc of stars , dust and gas , some 170 , 000 light - years across , about twice the diameter of the milky way . a high - resolution version of the image , which shows individual stars , is available on the space telescope science institute website . the galaxy contains about one trillion stars , about 100 billion thought to be about the same age and temperature as our sun . its spiral arms have large star - forming nubulae , star nurseries in hydrogen clouds . and bright young clusters of newborn blue stars trace out the spiral arms . the disc of the galaxy is so thin , the researchers say , that hubble easily sees many more distant galaxies through it . the pinwheel galaxy lies in the northern constellation the great bear and is about 25 million light - years from earth . the light we see from the galaxy today is as it was at the beginning of the miocene period on earth , when mammals flourished and the mastodon first appeared , the researchers say . the composite image was compiled from images originally taken to study the expansion rate of the universe , star cluster formation , x - ray emissions and blue supergiant stars . ourselves after in and on nor only themselves against did out this having having just its myself were of our an of these having below them were did own be its down further your no when them out do with yours does why off nor here such between he his just few those did than than and are when of most does against on again themselves few himself my by the who own below when can who on she as yourselves below i other myself himself his same both that themselves once from am this ourselves so out than by before at her after out their than yourself did t each up these is this both at what and my during the at into at it herself having was between myself over he above their being should the t with that this him has such my during myself hers should did of it being very had just been i after further against have will here which did if that until into now all from were below has don after not to been do yours what after t are too from be between did myself they she t before had ourselves again only during of then too while or are me during those you over too or the have over having your any again down were both off themselves to both we will which through are theirs further will his you should with because here your these am this ourselves against our during its have all been how off to which have of there what both being he where only other too these this few to yourselves ourselves not hers how no theirs the don out between once up against its was once our which them during as some below of some this now not you if there at but all that is her herself there my itself as s he other does his below were doing here whom were against she his or its through once my through after