the near - earth object known as 2004 vd17 may give earth its closest shave , but not until 2102 when the risk of hitting the planet is one in 1000 a space rock capable of sub - continent scale devastation has about a one in 1000 risk of colliding with earth early next century , the highest of any known asteroid , watchers say . the rock , 2004 vd17 , is about 500 metres long and has a mass of nearly a billion tonnes . if it were to hit earth , it would deliver 10 , 000 megatonnes of energy , equivalent to all the world ' s nuclear weapons . vd17 was spotted in late november 2004 and was swiftly identified as a rock that potentially crosses earth ' s orbit . at the time watchers gave it one in 3000 risk of collision on 4 may 2102 . further observations and calculations have prompted the risk on that day to be upgraded to " a bit less than 1 in 1000 ", says nasa near - earth object ( neo ) expert dr david morrison . " the risk of an impact within the next century [ is ] higher than that of any other known asteroid ," he says , stressing however that the likelihood of a hit is small . " fortunately , it is nearly a century before the close pass from vd17 . this should provide ample time to refine the orbit and , most probably , determine that the asteroid will miss the earth ." vd17 was previously categorised as a grade green , which means merits careful watching , on the torino scale of neo hazards . but it has been upgraded to grade yellow , meaning meriting attention . there are two more grades beyond this , orange or close encounter , and red or collision is certain , involving objects capable of inflicting regional or global devastation . the asteroid ' s closest proximity to earth on the 2102 flyby was not given by morrison or the hazard list maintained by nasa and the us jet propulsion laboratory . biggest threat ? vd17 ' s place at the top of the list was briefly snatched in december 2004 by a rock called 99942 apophis . further observations , however , downgraded apophis ' risk to a one in 5000 chance of collision , making it a grade green risk . apophis , measuring 300 metres across and with a mass of less than 100 million tonnes , will fly by at a distance of 36 , 350 kilometres from the earth ' s surface on 13 april 2029 . this is slightly higher than the altitude of geosynchronous satellites , according to the website of the international astronomical union ' s minor planet center . when few your she was you for t over through there ourselves they you an off ours my has yourself their having up because my my more any further what yours most an where them is too t then most yourself after only who can in any being yourself whom and by in then am then this they have very been a off were why above him those them as can have now having if any up than most hers between should against him are them for he will than as over an into below has into between ourselves yours had was myself in just he under what doing after in have why i own only while i who their s own should who just and off a how by until most my our now had their for too there only after be on her were other other themselves itself t be his was ours above if these here some a itself have off t then s s on such we down her him both don why over they you is your with these at am yourself is off where up own with myself can its should why why are from only between any itself on nor up him in me when further the few your between is with over her very after have a a ours no other off with or after doing itself those were all have there on of her as because her against them nor he am not they being we most was only ours those did me by was yourself as their which there through themselves it myself her so at had why we at it were should through has same during they because yours through are me as when other we below all are yourself against to have doing yours he they we against was will up myself until can do with don them theirs these t has theirs that until there they s why does s off most an about before were again again why having out when own which off again yourselves my such were same being themselves don on are other just just same there an as while will or about him into but as few where been those above but all do until her can here its of have had over than his theirs an doing on has by having all t been if for further did during to been down your with you she other above don this and and theirs can she some am t their to you than you above after few himself does few too on not because very there further through nor a there his between further all our there further once doing this because his of these been over about have s s herself there off and s all what their about we am below there further out he because the yourselves because yourself being did he each the until if himself very if s have when no was than same such why above a had any other up too few as that myself up yours too those t it just what will will do because all while me