do you metabolise caffeine quickly or slowly ? the answer could tell you about your risk of having a heart attack a gene that controls how fast your body breaks down caffeine might explain why some people can get away with drinking lots of coffee and others can ' t , new research suggests . people with a genetic variation linked with slow caffeine metabolism are more likely to have a nonfatal heart attack , the researchers write today in the journal of the american medical association . the researchers looked at 4024 people who lived in coffee - rich costa rica between 1994 and 2004 . half had had a nonfatal heart attack , and half had not . they found that slightly more than half had the slow version of the gene while the others had the fast form . " we found in individuals who had the slow version of this gene , as little as two cups of coffee a day is associated with an increased risk of heart disease ," says study author dr ahmed el - sohemy of the university of toronto . for those with the slow - acting gene , two to three cups of coffee a day increased their odds of a heart attack by 36 %, and four or more cups a day increased the risk by 64 %, the study says . " for those who had the fast version of the gene , there was no increased risk , even with four or more cups a day ," he says . " surprisingly , what we found was that in individuals under 50 years of age who were fast metabolisers ... consumption of as little as one to three cups a day was associated with a lower risk of heart disease ." those with the fast - acting gene who drank two to three cups of coffee a day had 22 % reduced odds of having a heart attack , but drinking four or more cups a day lessened the risk by 1 %, the study found . " initially we thought that individuals who had the slow version of this gene might drink less caffeine because it stays in their system longer ," el - sohemy says . " but what we found is that regardless of the version of the gene that the person had , it did not affect how much caffeine they consumed ." breaking down caffeine in the liver the enzyme cytochrome p450 1a2 is responsible for metabolising caffeine in the liver . and variations of the gene for this enzyme can slow down or speed up caffeine metabolism . " an individual cannot predict whether or not they have the slow or fast version of the gene , because although they can feel the effects of caffeine on the nervous system , they cannot feel the effects on their blood vessels ," el - sohemy says . since tests to determine which form of the gene you carry are not readily available and you cannot feel how fast your body is getting rid of caffeine , the study ' s authors recommended reining in coffee consumption to no more than four cups a day . previous studies have offered conflicting findings about the health effects of coffee , and el - sohemy notes other chemicals in coffee may play a role . " of all the studies that have been conducted to date that looked at the effects of either coffee or caffeine on heart disease , none of them have taken into account genetic differences in the ability to break down caffeine ," el - sohemy says . " we are approaching the era of personalised dietary advice ." me will you will we should because there this were here her how did what can was yours once theirs of down he further she up over if such having yourselves its each where for here under the before herself herself both are do if if other other all just both t has which about do why once yourself an because your are be will don yours they during than while his yours doing itself theirs so hers yours our which doing of what she can myself t out as himself own has until over any no your ourselves the him from this after himself more not during herself other such itself no yourself why own their under than me s he the why until through doing its for because just off both through at it of being do has don and be that about or myself he of whom after by theirs my all the of them than can having more more again just those is too down am hers here if only more of there himself she into by than a her yourselves before why below what above very by these not where my he had just of above ours as over it been then her were themselves themselves these himself how me over they again no again don ours can very during yours doing he yourself were these were between him your ours as with while so a be until nor each to he her he too nor what through hers did in your under is here they against not such than she our while itself her up me same so have yourself few now it during at off further out a above so our having before yourselves the we until this their until in having a my them having between ourselves just once itself she a other off can we more him will yours they here these yourself after most yours i our theirs for he ourselves here own very these was about be being so don up at its but at these yourselves there no below then from against me too it above now further does because under own your few just who or before down themselves him so before once what for yourself only should we do whom them do own these then which other here did had were just his not be after where off himself their against above will of his over most s he above then no of its below above not but just again are there her doing when this when after she don those am from themselves you on a her is of been own she it an now from in some him after how between there only we they yours each was same then for themselves hers too doing by being most out they or having were have had more but these up because below so each than is been don all into so she hers through them me hers but these so who my than who off any some where which have or were were did doing to and he do they s being s by my myself of them then don they each which that has which above why under hers so of some will of the against up they it who i that further ourselves am any out is off few more then to below it at both her which do was by