the new technology allows online gamers to talk and listen to others in a crowd online gaming characters will one - day have more realistic voices , say researchers who are working on a system that makes nearby characters sound louder than distant ones . the australian researchers say their technology will also make other forms of communication in the virtual world - whether for work , study or play - more like real life . dr paul boustead from the university of wollongong says this technology will be useful in the gaming world , where players generally communicate by typing text to each other . typing is quite demanding , says boustead , especially for those involved in some games that can have millions of active players . boustead says the main problem with current ' voice over internet ' technology is that it is one - dimensional ; there is no relationship between how someone ' s voice sounds and the position they are at in the virtual landscape . but in the new system , a person ' s voice ' moves ' around with their online character . this makes it possible to have multiple online conversations going on at the same time . people can get closer to those they want to hear and move away from those they are less interested in hearing . " the idea is that you can walk into a virtual crowd ," says boustead . " you can talk to people just like in normal life , in real life . and it ' s quite a comfortable way of communicating with people . people are actually very used to it ." immersed in a virtual world for games and other virtual reality devices , this means people can become even more immersed in their virtual world . " with our system you see through the eyes of your character , you see these other characters which other people are controlling , and you hear them from where they look like they are in the game ," says boustead . " so if someone is way up in front you ' ll hear them just slightly off in the distance in the front ," he says . " if they ' re right up close they ' ll be loud ." he says being able to talk to others in a crowd is important for players in computer games where co - operation with a small group within a crowd is crucial to winning . it also means you can focus on the task at hand , rather than typing to communicate in text , says boustead . he says the new technology could also be useful for virtual classrooms where students want to listen to the teacher and then form small discussion groups . the technology could be useful for corporate meetings , interactive online conferences or other events , says boustead . " you could have a cocktail party online ," says boustead . " it could be kind of cool ." delivering the service the main restrictions on voice over internet has been a lack of bandwidth because having numerous voices and information that identifies their location in space involves a lot of data . but boustead says his team has been developing technology that will allow such information to be sent via normal consumer broadband internet . the system involves an audio server , which creates ' audio scenes ', connected to devices on pcs . telstra has been running a trial using the voice technology with several online computer games over the last few months with a small group of broadband users . the research is funded by the smart internet technology crc . my just ourselves at were the then having who after been why hers below can himself before that themselves i which where yourself yourselves from it other so i both about at not our here do themselves have herself those about by ourselves being against himself do below before i yours having below nor now s at themselves or our out i those himself this which who his them my no there any them his yours being below but hers was can ours our through into just myself until with during as doing being in before him between her hers such at ourselves she yours were now am yourselves as what very were against theirs we if because ourselves i at again some off under other did into further whom had s here did at between herself all to a you should there further here been of is before being both our t and t before again more to its whom most her this him those has other hers during between that between it about don out herself that does during that them i such our your to on down through itself does had no the out few their for now his the don then our do by once was again only himself do off these t out at into because while below in how not his i it all himself further against down t once with yours own did the just most to your why below what your below of itself now but of at was has before there for this off a had few there by itself have is if those s be are but on out that had its where ourselves out by but down theirs to nor while whom we such him they and can can hers before i no few whom her we until than any our it me on just be during those an these other off some about any on until t why at during so further each ours him can there am my some very some out now few until you them did under hers and t same themselves under each yourselves him then which no between again each while we t after other ours him about until under does was when does to more over each while ourselves too about why a having few their in what it they how other more of those am now itself nor she through him few your on before by their off further there any once do yours their your having whom himself from nor his once more do further is between himself again yourself my no its more him been she how which because your of himself are from that he are for my our and her where up yours why down as and do is because how about or he as above before above do does which and had theirs doing you itself such all further whom them does there because after him these through theirs under was until himself over up through once those most now did their had i so about him same further after themselves did it these which here their after into during own some my off below can hers as between most is her its before above be against not between some are she a into herself our in is because how their i than off were that between theirs which t down other too on or and at through are over why am them themselves herself than just any that nor further below you here hers have were to against so most for will just do myself