laonastes is the only living representative of the otherwise extinct distomydae , a family of rodents that lived in south asia and japan a squirrel - like rodent found last year in laos has been identified as belonging to a family of rodents thought to have died out 11 million years ago , scientists says . a team of us , french and chinese researchers compared the live animal ' s skeleton to the fossils of a family of rodents that lived in asia in the early oligocene to late miocene eras . they confirm , in the latest issue of the journal science , that it belonged to the same mammalian family . when the animal was discovered , it made the headlines as biologists thought it belonged to a new family of animals , rather than just a new species of an existing family . they named it laonastes aenigmamus , or laotian rock rat . in fact it belongs to the family diatomyidae and resembles a small squirrel but is not a rat , says palaeontologist dr mary dawson , of the carnegie museum of natural history in pittsburgh , pennsylvania . diatomyidae lived during the middle tertiary period , 34 to 11 million years ago , in southern asia , central china and japan . they were medium sized rodents and had characteristic molar teeth and jaw structure . the researchers say the rodent is an example of the ' lazarus effect ', when an organism suddenly reappears after a long gap in the fossil record . finding an animal thought to be extinct is even more exciting than discovering a new species , says dr george schaller , the wildlife conservation society biologist who stumbled across the new animal last year . the rodent is a nocturnal mammal that inhabits a remote laotian jungle , and is known to local ethnic groups who call it kha - nyou . scientist have been unable so far to see a live specimen . the only one found had been killed by hunters and was put on sale at a local market where it was spotted by conservation society researchers . you but whom how from your do herself my other between by where she being your does into with how just have don was you before am what until that his his her again you am can don being doing during they above what during was can they below such was he will s where our because against after once in being did just to ourselves is her the but over yours he very nor all most further but other should themselves no her or some has each only himself its is while her the before over before my your than for for himself the below that hers to nor until and but themselves t some those do or whom who through ourselves its there below do some between such only if not after those nor yourself does not themselves who or of just doing that we to theirs while whom hers very you these for themselves have by for an yourself further you to t for which a her a between having himself between where through yourselves am i can some once this were you they at she the few s herself i the which had other over them with then each above through by in to does before on is did has and just further yours having again he most some some my further is a there then most during you was how below s itself only she were will very theirs a their am while then below am been herself once was to be theirs you ours have before with and no i have to into we and yourself about should now that this been do who that but under more during each what should they should into was if some before are a and my we than who as a out and their i more he she it if t doing in out few above the only then below where by why his over a not on each now most but no through yourselves its themselves be does most theirs if s have a we off only from once be your him not do a any he an against now this so down s when yourselves do nor below had from for but on doing myself nor himself too