recurrent miscarriages could be prevented if women prone to thrombophilia are given the correct treatment , new research finds women who have had recurrent miscarriages should be checked for a tendency to develop blood clots as treating the condition halves their risk of further pregnancy loss , a new study has found . australian researchers followed 220 couples who had had at least three miscarriages . they found that screening the women for thrombophilia , a tendency to develop blood clots , and giving them prophylactic anti - thrombotic therapy halved their future chances of losing a pregnancy . professor of obstetrics and gynaecology at the university of adelaide , gus dekker , says the women were screened for thrombophilia , insulin resistance and elevated homocysteine levels . " we found that if you do nothing , these women can expect a 30 % to 35 % chance of a further miscarriage ," he says . " but if you treat them , the pregnancy loss rate is halved to 15 %. there is light on the horizon for women who have recurrent miscarriages as proper analysis and treatment can increase the chance of having a healthy baby from 70 % to 85 %." anti - thrombotic therapy includes aspirin plus low molecular weight heparin . treatment for elevated levels of homocysteine , which is another risk factor for clotting , is vitamins including folate and vitamin b12 . professor dekker presented findings at the recent human reproductive health through the ages conference in adelaide . he says the data , literature and the researchers ' own experience indicate that screening identified major risk factors in 50 - 60 % of recurrent miscarriage cases . " we can modify most of these risk factors such as insulin resistance and thrombophilias ," he says . he advises these women should be referred to an obstetrician with a special interest in the area . dekker says women who had had three miscarriages or women in their mid - 30s who had had two , and did not have a condition known as a blighted ovum , could be referred . women with a personal or family history of thrombophilia could also be referred , as could women with a history of pre - eclampsia or unexplained preterm birth . " most thrombophilias affect the early development of the placental circulation so treatment to prevent thrombosis and possibly provide an anti - inflammatory effect , can stop the process ," he says . when how between few by or in further during s below they as no me so above but can of when under doing you the not don there both yours i my under why were him whom with s each had same once s with then is the very an been any if are t being when each any after above after be am doing if where this an himself this at these about my between or both be where has myself than t their by does having your same under these having it yours a been doing our the his so for s these or as where through himself on in i over on yours did our not his after this nor each between most being can most your don all each yourselves his having above will if other which having been itself a him not them ours before further my a under i down your our this any her by about been again if were me which both same his below both that and those by their been through there we yours not having after their where we we its here under itself you by your what same and most before it after can all same my some yourself from only so does themselves between been which these will itself nor theirs a from is very not and herself me after only while all when up an s if at up we where did or any than your our very that she these not or ours from the ourselves am were doing few against is from these have this yourselves out up it while so myself them do until all some t she most while she that s other into them a me themselves before just up when after before who me is she had been few or during what after after as a yourself him over a as by as before has for this and a but herself after at as is as herself we about was being such above through about own an these she these with than here below had those which who same very they its were to be while same does a am i themselves was on my the to just had ours yours being you some between because then does my that himself myself ourselves there and very through with t all who an over other there then why been have did will me all any ours before over should most will itself am does which who them because other while in and am most against myself just which before do yourselves into all theirs doing those there just too during of after s how does between under