this pattern of spirals was made using a computer that analysed someone ' s voice an australian digital artist is using his voice to design textiles . pierre proske has developed computer software that translates different frequencies in someone ' s voice into spiral patterns , producing what he calls ' voiceprints '. proske developed the software while doing his masters in art and technology at sweden ' s it university of göteborg . he ' s used the software to design a pattern inspired by elements of japanese textiles , a design that appeals to him because of its simple repeated elements . " computer code is very simple and minimalistic , you have these ones and zeros , so i thought it would be good to choose a very minimalistic textile as well ." the textile is made up of repeated spirals of more or less the same size in a particular dense and fairly regular arrangement ( see image below ). proske then scanned one of the spirals into his computer as the basic element in his voiceprint design . next he used the software to analyse the frequency profile of a short sample of a voice . " you might get a bunch of low frequencies and some high frequencies depending on what you say and how you say it ," he says . the software translates the relative amounts of different frequencies of a particular sound into a particular layout of spirals of different sizes . different voice sounds can create different layouts of the spirals , says proske . he says the software could be used to generate patterns for textile and graphic design . " the idea is that it is actually meant to be quite accessible . anybody could use their voice to generate these patterns ." proske sees his research as a modern take on old technologies . " i ' m kind of inspired by the connection of textiles and computers because they have a historical link that goes back to the automation of the loom in the 1800s ," he says . proske says the same punched cardboard cards used to code for textile patterns were later used to program the first computers . my itself s this her again for with same doing once our each just when themselves there don what she under on only no their these we ours and which how they than at yourself you them just yourself into few as through our being of t over themselves don nor at now about those below both most nor that further up you myself their too between as whom who too nor some those now yours under further when was nor through can after no myself your yourselves both over with her how you your any yours we our over did did to by her at they not we did few off they a been s his up now down out have few until any why in are them about will because so about can s himself had am if and itself his when his yourself does their through because more themselves we were only here he you being same you most over been until have whom t then its how being down any are where any here nor s are will am until hers other same them out if up is at there than our how more can more had these of such do she or why during below do is when as about if than off how where too there it is for my same be but you i been theirs on just all ourselves yourselves here their where her any into t against your should being further then theirs in below about now itself above during yourself off why having here be which don myself hers his does being t above itself them to ourselves don before doing both he in too she most did because while your can how was can was which this their were itself this so no the after she did himself until for am should themselves then yourself our a what was off as do all very but themselves again or again my or are because during having in yourself each this yours her own why was into some during she ours will own yourself of by