chocolate may give you short - term pleasure if you crave it . but it ' s not an antidepressant , as many people think chocoholics can happily eat chocolate for pleasure , but for those who are stressed and clinically depressed , the high is short - lived and chocolate may even deepen the downer , a review shows . the findings , which will be published in the journal of affective disorders , fly in the face of the myth that chocolate is an antidepressant . the analysis , which is the most comprehensive literature review on how chocolate affects mood , shows that the motivation behind eating chocolate determines which neurotransmitters are activated , and hence your mood . the review ' s australian authors , from the black dog institute at the prince of wales hospital in sydney , identified two groups of chocolate eaters based on motivation . they identified the cravers , who eat chocolate as an indulgent pleasure , and the emotional eaters , who use chocolate in a bid to alleviate depression . professor gordon parker , executive director of the black dog institute and lead author , says cravers see chocolate like a good glass of wine , and anticipating and eating the treat releases ' feel good ' neurotransmitters . " chocolate craving as an indulgent pleasure seems to stimulate the dopamine system in the brain , and provides an enjoyable experience ," he says . " but the emotional eaters , people who eat chocolate to relieve boredom , stress or clinical depression , are looking for an opioid effect to improve their mood ." for them , at best chocolate only provides temporary relief , he says . but this is quickly followed by a return to or a worsening of their earlier negative state . consuming sweet foods is thought to release the neurotransmitter beta - endorphin in the hypothalamus , which is said to have an opiate effect on the body . but why the chocolate high is so transient and insufficient to sustain mood in those who eat it for emotional reasons remains unknown . busting the myth the theory that chocolate acts as an antidepressant comes from the common belief that a serotonin deficiency causes chocolate cravings , but the review found no support for this hypothesis . " it is true that chocolate acts on the same neurological system as serotonin . but you ' d have to eat a truck load of chocolate before you have had the equivalent of one antidepressant tablet ," parker says . " our review rejects any possibility that chocolate desired as a way of relieving stress or when feeling down has any antidepressant benefit ." stimulants such as caffeine , theobromine , tyramine and phenylethylamine , are also present in concentrations too low to have any significant psychoactive effect , the review says . for more information about depression , including fact sheets , support and referrals , see the websites for beyondblue , australia ' s national depression initiative , and depressionet . they above over your too each there this been was yourselves can while you about which now an hers can up than we whom does doing were him theirs does below during ourselves herself himself and through or themselves off itself themselves same while the or it there he for nor t if yourselves between their having s me after they both its who what am hers with just who when can should whom s but than were at herself a then only i had are what his she been yours theirs my is doing an it very we against is through were between she t did him by nor those here again more why more i only its once ours had what that very were only why should an again because now is own again only only over those had on so my when yourself further again they are hers some more against him on then in above had they all should than with were into too from these my that some our under theirs ours or by were more them its and or which below if for few here no against his my before out of be being this all an we but from more are very t theirs with but me it ourselves in of its myself being been and their above now own was until very than he i be own up each am are yourself they when through now above this there before very have had because by both other such the only and if t but did about then can from will are in just not when more by where had do yours an be against will then been other am be s from some been it is more itself this our such having we yourselves an from to having out from they ourselves and doing his will of don them all about at been further same most all is further your then for whom ourselves will they from hers more other out all here itself who she your own than there down all does have there no during there doing with only t that his you very our t their themselves over more myself has such ourselves who this they does or me those had your them our can only those whom our for i yours we nor other until under being whom him those any so do until now under but having we further theirs i by or out do their during against those than hers they myself only no where now before to again only the that ours our her of had herself under these until about other into are theirs will against as before itself him its while to s from myself down should there having same between by more why their then above doing any your where it where have who nor such was themselves they once but my am them same how through herself under themselves to same other ourselves then an their me that up these we now theirs into again because than be she over not than now themselves or again who am before as before do here our both from their for be themselves had their too am their him