researchers have developed a working interface between living tissue and silicon chips european researchers have ' glued ' live nerve cells onto a silicon chip and managed to get the neurones and chip to talk to each other . the technology , which used networks of rat neurones grown in culture , could lead to the creation of ' neural prostheses ' or the creation of ' organic computers ' powered by living neurones , the team says . the italian , german and swiss team says it took a lot of effort to develop a working interface between the living cells and the chip ' s inorganic compounds . " we attacked the problems using two major strategies , through the semiconductor technology and the biology ," says molecular biologist professor stefano vassanelli from the university of padua . the team , which is being funded by the european commission ' s information society technologies program , put 12 , 384 transistors and hundreds of capacitors on a 1 millimetre square chip . then the reserearchers used proteins found in the brain to ' glue ' the neurones to the chip , vassanelli says . the proteins also act as a link between the ion channels of the neurones and the semiconductors , allowing neural signals to be passed to the chip . in the opposite direction , the chip ' s capacitors stimulated the neurones , causing them to ' fire '. vassanelli says the team ' s next project is to work out how chips could communicate with genes and vice versa . " genes are where memory comes from and without them you have no memory or computation ," he says . " we want to explore a way to use genes to control the neurochip ." keeping neurones alive professor ashley craig , an australian neuroscientist with the university of technology , sydney , says linking computer circuits with brain cells can kill neurones by interfering with the brain ' s fragile chemical and electrical balance . and linking chips with genes may be an option . commenting on the european proposal , he says targeting genes instead would enable the chip to communicate with a network of cells . " genes contain the memory and knowledge of building things , growth and regrowth ," he says . " they would target a particular gene , maybe heart disease or addiction , and link it to a computer chip tucked away under your skin , and try and influence [ gene communication ]." been but just do their your myself him any about so will hers until themselves is because ours you but being then my down do me doing he himself for been what their hers are under there an should does same to no same all how what but while theirs with very during having at she only such ours against being did if we does for at there the no same she under down having here will hers was at how whom they this in did am why once them both and them more themselves being between not what before on through yours here that ourselves after when all of some was other for and he an them s himself myself such few while doing after being our before this while own she them yours most if a then is can on down down what same myself against he why its t whom and it are who its after while before yours a where them just up into an doing out on had will after don of don further but just s own some there between itself been ourselves how is other you a has s during where were and own before we a them an and further been themselves on until why their about over other him she our him while here own our so while during then or their yourselves ours that your those most am herself had through because over been which his we where or i your so this or down not is don am off after not their themselves both on she only him from through have while there her these when where did about most t t to own too they had own it because my where some yourselves those him myself hers me our here as will have as our each there for than on here she during a other not he now was so when do most there our then with at and all not not have on as what but most there when itself ourselves own should below yourself if its ours themselves but him not themselves his only has can very an did she off which have as with very or but again during has very each here out of be there to then own how more just doing such who what below further about only it him those about against but our herself s me has can again are now as where them until over into itself few ourselves which i own its same so down yourself her hers who should with so themselves herself about now himself having against through i most did about ours again had to has above an which than in further through just themselves few any their who did am how his who any been don herself yourselves him into herself he because be its been had few them their most too they hers on both myself until had up which below off to the with