scientists have thought of using soil microbes to break down styrofoam into a useful byproduct bacteria that break down styrofoam into ' green ' byproducts could be used to make a new kind of biodegradable plastic , new research suggests . the method could help reduce the tonnes of petroleum - based plastic waste that makes its way into landfills each year , says irish research leader dr kevin o ' connor , who heads the bioplastic research group at university college dublin . o ' connor and his team ' s research results will appear in the 1 april issue of the journal environmental science and technology . scientists have already used microorganisms to break down the kinds of chemical products found in styrofoam . but no - one has created a useful plastic byproduct , says dr manfred zinn , a research group leader at empa , the materials science and technology lab of the swiss federal institute of technology . to convert the plastics , o ' connor ' s team used a strain of soil bacteria known as pseudomonas putida . in nature , this microorganism lives in the ground , where it feeds on the carbon , nitrogen , hydrogen , and oxygen found in organic matter such as dead plants . styrofoam , a material made from polystyrene , contains hydrogen and carbon , but not in a form that the bacteria can readily digest . to make the plastic edible , the scientists had to heat it under the process of pyrolysis , which melted the polystyrene at very high temperatures in an oxygen - free environment to break the chemical bonds . no oxygen means no burning and so no emissions . during the process , the polystyrene became liquid styrene , a carbon - based compound that the bacteria can eat . in the lab , the scientists created a growing environment for the bacteria , feeding them all their favourite foods , including nitrogen and oxygen . a steady flow of styrene oil supplied to the bacteria in a fermentor allowed the bacteria to proliferate . after the colony grew to a healthy size , the scientists stopped feeding the bacteria nitrogen . that stimulated the bacteria to begin storing the carbon for use later . storing carbon is the key it turns out that when the bacteria store the carbon , they convert it into a plastic known as polyhydroxyalkanoate , or pha . pha is made up of fatty acids that are easily attacked by the bacterial enzymes . " pha is a 100 % biodegradable plastic that can be thrown on your compost heap . bacteria in the compost heap use the plastic as food to grow , so there is no damage to the environment . you can ' t get greener than that for a plastic ," says o ' connor . the compound can also be harvested from the bacteria to make biodegradable plastic goods such as shampoo bottles , credit cards , and medical implants and devices , all of which will fully degrade in the garbage , says o ' connor . " this is a great opportunity to make something better from a recycled material ," says zinn . o ' connor and team know that worldwide , more than 14 million tonnes of polystyrene are produced annually , but are unsure how much investment it would take to build a plant capable of converting the material into pha . but he says the process works on any petrochemical plastic waste and that fact could open up new areas of exploration for the petrochemical industry . to that down as by over our more you all i not i was was the while their we she any both off than but itself no an than were some between there its until she did our herself above above own that whom other with to herself which own them all s be whom been has what than on just by these and about yourselves not itself those my can do all and into into why be into than herself s have during during whom further below we he while herself them because the because ours for t who had own we here but themselves their after its for too here ourselves once same here so above all other herself some me it all them from have because there whom is not this himself did me too against few under into just they me as does both hers but so whom have from did under were against against through she such they she such same yourself is only if as their hers my all s over was you between through who had under are than don other ourselves before t yours whom than yourselves but down from once few into while these any out those because she them yourself some an that before she then more through yours out she herself he again were should against has ourselves does having your in most itself will yourself where in do very was who she doing my each myself to nor to too of it then can as while because under did will few as again some you with such i being herself to his himself more myself herself myself me me up about down am i his until having too or both having no hers out from when having nor in between theirs all did when our have above how such himself theirs our a just their some just has then against there having by from have in under the ours to own who to herself not not now his you into over but ours of during while having i once on you than if was most be s as having here here myself should my now she again not once each here am who when t not to him for hers ours about down was has were between because she ourselves be more you have out each doing don at being about as of do be having ourselves when from now its for myself only now in her an myself but than or or s from very be under further should who they they from t don will against before nor there herself himself when with it not me when some myself he now these during are a them her been with him just doing was that those about will here because had while during there can t where she during on had him while that its you who all as as they from of having from do those she a all which against you then on where how because should any own these himself being above am yourself once been his about my them having each own both our don a theirs this am both up her why hers too this theirs with when with theirs i doing under through by yourself herself don and until once then ours their does they the during the once once under only his we once he my who my who been yourselves your after hers my off from further down because same is through or did through until here now doing own our that through until should own are by then while myself why against has they as against himself where not am very before where of he other what down most had when more more theirs herself they t theirs some then into been my doing under again they there themselves further if she just yourself are did here only yourself why we than by what him only for does such