in clever kids , the brain ' s cortex or outer mantle thickens rapidly during adolescence intelligence may have more to do with how the brain develops during adolescence than its overall size , researchers say . us scientists at the national institutes of health show that the brains of children with high iqs show a distinct pattern of development . the cortex , or outer mantle of the brain , starts out thinner and thickens more rapidly in very intelligent children . it peaks around 11 or 12 years old before thinning rapidly in the late teens . " we found that the cortex showed a different pattern of development ," says dr philip shaw , lead author of the research published today in the journal nature . youngsters with average iqs have a thicker cortex to start with and peak earlier before gradual thinning begins . shaw adds that the changes are subtle and what is driving them is a mystery . why children have a thicker or thinner cortex initially is also not known . " brainy children are not cleverer solely by virtue of having more or less grey matter at any one age ," says dr judith rapoport , a co - author of the study . " rather iq is related to the dynamics of cortex maturation ." the scientists took magnetic resonance imaging scans of 307 healthy children and teenagers , aged 5 - 19 , every two years as they grew up . they compared the scans to see how they related to the children ' s iq . very intelligent youngsters had scores of 121 - 145 while high iqs were between 109 - 120 and average between 83 - 108 . the smartest youngsters showed the highest rate of change in the scans . the scientists believe the longer thickening time in the very brainy children might indicate a longer period for the development of high - level cognitive circuits in the brain . the researchers add that the thinning phase could involve a " use it or lose it " pruning , or killing off , of brain cells and their connections as the brain matures and becomes more efficient . " that might be happening more efficiently in the most intelligent children ," says shaw . " people with very agile minds tend to have a very agile cortex ." some up the so because than our from ours them those further do you when or am of at how who my those should their that itself below had will same did again there don nor him s until up their both it hers above itself ourselves between in theirs than if me s all he which she under through ourselves herself so had her will most yourself am its i above once it such where yourselves its or an themselves your having from not this our about s yourselves why now myself their when during whom their each hers do are between now no itself whom me that with we those do yourself between is t most through herself as yourselves some which after as further he do for same be has been here had where about it at is herself here can them have some over any through which were does are my or hers not too itself can in more into against too yourselves doing will with below being being into further herself again from such below having but hers these its same have himself at an they each himself my after through were been those my against i s after s ours t my will only any while once too are how do nor once now nor there himself each an being have its why that will because for not be further where theirs were my by at we hers these few out they very what during ours myself where their too all been of until because own if how further into themselves on having be other will whom yourselves can off own just about what few not each which he do or has from be off ourselves those such had few there have were very against other his during nor himself out we just to of him will to my at no before its her these on with he them these of until through by because of just what itself out too not have we you had me over where herself about theirs now under it its she these hers she about than was ourselves further more against can on her you themselves we were was up yours most again other how between then where during having few all with why other under each are where other down doing at and any does yourselves again you over down and her were once from our from more because with my theirs while as during her off there most down our herself has same had after doing so above same against