a new lubricant that forms polymers to protect engine wear also saves oil , according to new research a new smart lubricant that forms a protective film when it meets two surfaces rubbing together means engines need less oil , a chemical conference has heard this week . using about 4 . 5 grams of the lubricant saves more than 450 grams of oil , according to a presentation at the american chemical society ' s meeting this week in atlanta . while its inventors do not believe the lubricant can replace standard motor oil in vehicles , they say it may someday replace the oil used to test engines and mechanical systems . additives developed from the same technology could also stave off wear , improve engine performance and reduce pollutants , its developers say . the technology behind the new compounds is called tribopolymerisation . " by tribopolymerisation , we mean the use of small molecules in a fluid , such as an oil , to reduce wear and damage of the sliding surfaces by forming thin polymer films , which offer protection ," says us researcher professor michael furey , from virginia tech , who developed the process with czeslaw kajdas and colleagues at the radom technical university in poland . " it is a process of molecular design . we do not add any polymers to the system , nor do we coat surfaces with polymers . instead , our monomers are designed to form thin polymer films directly on the rubbing surfaces continuously and only where needed ," furey says . the international team of scientists has been working on the project since 1981 , but recent developments include a precise way of measuring what happens as the films form ; the discovery of new classes of compounds , such as the engine lubricant ; and agreements with three organisations who hope to further develop and market the technology . furey says that 16 engines recently were treated with about 4 . 5 grams of the smart composition . " all passed the run - in tests successfully with no signs of damage ," he says . " in a subsequent series of tests in a different factory location , 24 engines were pre - treated the same way . all 24 engines were in perfect condition after the run - in tests . the results were quite amazing ." smelly fumes he and his colleagues also say the technology could reduce the " emission of smelly fumes " from the use of diesel in trucks , cars , buses and equipment . currently , many countries , such as sweden , and us states , like california , have imposed limits on the sulfur content of diesel fuels , since sulfur oxide is one of the stinkiest pollutants . the catch is that the substitute low - sulfur fuels increase wear and tear on the fuel injector and fuel pump , according to the researchers , who say they have invented diesel fuel " lubricity additives " that work with low - sulfur fuels to reduce their damage on the engine . dr jorn larsen - basse , former director of the surface engineering and tribology program at the us national science foundation , says the technology is " innovative ". " it works well with metal surfaces , especially steel , because molecules stick onto it easily . the engine pretreatment application might very well be possible ," larsen - basse says . the inventors hope to conduct further studies on how high surface temperatures and other engine factors affect the performance of the new compounds . has does them have few how being out don into you again same further up you they once me same your then is my yours they s should while does when all have her too before ourselves below here at over above out of i above they what other too under these other any nor himself now have doing between them be they some each other both our can their up him why having only so was those not he am ourselves other when is where each when out on very further but down from both any were but until themselves yourselves because an having these which against in why such been the they or s under is down too does should nor for does them up yourselves too for very themselves she both through ourselves t over most in after own when between with this too them myself down between themselves am through about up if if but themselves under were than while can own such theirs through so so yourself if below s but because a any them she their will whom below me if until through itself any then who that any him be were of s no out about too into in there to can had here been our theirs between who been myself are its from until how some just themselves who they by through which this it yours until myself been hers no and have which too whom this those so not have about while out against to it of we a no their are yourselves both yourselves from for any into hers is these ourselves on our with because we until t under further under why both is under between again them not his is an his whom while whom below before yourself down who above below do while on this t our from me again i her a theirs he few how of because have was this can each its hers he being can these no same yourself after down those between into doing me both against down don once from not again who few up very an under be other yours into by i him over can only t that don if were was now this once other not am not me was are off that as through by of do it other were by no it were they once for ours s same how is him no all him your as a or further as his all are at nor you hers a by they i down them doing how or below each over to himself their s both are ourselves having so them his same off s such him most under have than which why between herself through s will then those nor all you some will down no itself am all is for she before for other our before whom again your if its very is will all now the into we her being you they here he with again after whom over this yourself from further its did had who where all on too doing my on do an having having that just up only during each whom herself than most any s he yourselves a him with had himself these than has yourself on they ours so being don by have very her nor nor where by these few the such itself yourselves should she some we any it had him that theirs which him so did during why if more did this few more myself so those for here ours whom up the your those same can how and were a all other am his do or again be hers some further i against that your in their an all up between was because same be its a of in very ourselves only other through from an after the again they off that will has had these same her on some above then same where there ourselves with as it above by over he again other if few you whom over i here having can those than it and does herself herself then same is under at now don not or own both very himself have against but herself no will down as nor myself until most up she which your between between be yourselves which that on ours any through then about my their that up don so being were