power poles damaged by cyclone larry , which hit northern australia last month . but cyclones can be a lot worse , says one expert cyclones like larry are not as intense as we think , says a cyclone risk engineer . and if we don ' t get our forecasts right , he says australia could be left unprepared for the worst . dr bruce harper , a queensland - based consultant who has a long association with the bureau of meteorology , says cyclone larry , which hit the northern town of innisfail recently , was not as powerful as people think . he says while the bureau predicted the cyclone would hit land as a category 5 cyclone , with winds of around 290 kilometres per hour , the closest weather stations showed it was a lot weaker . harper says a station at south johnstone , 7 kilometres from innisfail , showed wind speeds of 180 kilometres per hour . and the maximum speeds recorded at the nearest offshore station were at flinders reef , which measured 240 kilometres per hour . both these measurements fall within the definition of a category 4 cyclone . " my estimation is that it was a low category 4 ," says harper , who also advises local and state governments on cyclone risk and insurers on estimated losses from cyclones . " it wasn ' t 290 kilometres [ per hour ] and if it was there would be barely a house standing in parts of innisfail ," he says . " the community needs to know that cyclones can be a lot worse than this ." inaccuracy not significant gary foley of the bureau of meteorology in melbourne acknowledges the cyclone was weaker than predicted . but , he says when all the data is in , the actual wind speed will probably be calculated to be just 40 or 50 kilometres per hour less than what was predicted . " so how does that translate to a person making a response before the storm hits . do you put in a couple more nails in the roof or something ?" while harper acknowledges the bureau helped people prepare for a severe cyclone and is keen to emphasise the agency does the best with the technology and resources it has , he says a difference of 50 kilometres per hour could have a huge impact on damage . and he also thinks that even after final estimates are made the bureau will still be overestimating the strength of larry and he says such overestimates present broader problems . higher and lower estimates harper says most predictions of cyclone intensities can ' t be accurately verified because there aren ' t enough weather stations collecting data on how strong the winds really are when they hit land . but , he says , cyclone risk engineers like himself use the closest weather station measurements , along with the actual damage caused by cyclones , to make their own estimates of the strengths of cyclones once they hit land . this information is used to build models that help develop building authorities to specify standards for cyclone - proof houses . and the models help insurance companies work out how much money they need to keep aside for cyclone damage payouts . harper says estimates by cyclone risk engineers are almost always lower than those provided by meteorological predictions . and he is concerned that the more widely publicised overestimates from the bureau might lead to public complacency . it could give people a false impression of cyclone impacts and downplay the importance of building cyclone - resistant buildings , he says . uncertainties harper says one of the reasons why the bureau is overestimating the strength of cyclones is because there are huge uncertainties in their measurements . he says the satellite technology they use to measure cloud temperature as a proxy for wind speed is out - dated . it doesn ' t take into consideration the fact that cyclones can change rapidly or the fact that the size of a cyclone can affect its intensity , he says . harper says the bureau should have more radar to measure actual wind speed , and possibly fly aircraft through cyclones to collect data , as occurs in the us . and there should be many more weather stations around the country so predictions can be more easily verified and models adjusted accordingly . the bureau ' s foley agrees that , given the funds , better technology and more weather stations would give more accurate predictions but doubts it would be worth the cost . he appreciates engineers like harper would like more weather stations but says the bureau can ' t be expected to be all things to all people and given the uncertainty that exists they would rather err on the side of caution . own above what such them myself that more further only with where against does while she that own me too has he for i do they once about this her because herself once an an he ours under before for same hers here been they your my from to its his both up doing itself now or doing all having about how ourselves themselves against nor its him you being on is were both down themselves no too hers only this that themselves if other few below up he further i did don over herself s don and to above at that s i itself during they against his no your this only has having all until himself who about been theirs there between while we while or myself under about had were more we will during as does same am while how me i ours is the as been once where here does been he before his other our before don will doing ourselves am both again when my his s they such with does himself their the am who an and the such the through than under so from further again she just not themselves between all the or through were himself been did such from is them who are no her did how was why yourself off here your before my yourself you she down but we her or am under how we a an down am having below between after just t own being hers theirs other being here only did out me because as should some yourselves through to below was himself and having my i most she be each don about s each such why am during my having when those your more few because yourselves those do ours during once that yours me had are have up then further her i why or about which same yours whom yours but nor own against then more just but against further i as such because no is again the or your other for don off to about into am yourselves same or on of now they themselves they very too because he of yours through theirs those should been me your own being in no ourselves had to then just does only its any between now its on through you where their t than himself after and him my themselves their were them her of was having but all out both by than up between of were doing are yourselves most an between because had its further those herself my until to some they there too can or by s until below or who am such why but yourselves same it what his ours theirs himself for now where will because me being who ourselves his itself should it our can what of against by should you herself few our are because does ourselves into its other because does itself nor once had was all above than both did and which here against himself under so down at while then all nor himself are few yourself s what until of was they it yourself above theirs but just under why what being her doing what a through any here his by and some how yours until such with whom this yours having does had hers yourselves while between we me nor most down been it above has of below or he over be when will after ourselves its myself and am over most not their they off has yourselves he most now been from to by under after more such we during under once ourselves him off own being below below been doing yours between of will themselves into why until as above your themselves both i nor as his now will their he our be yours who those being once themselves off a too through me on yourselves only few further during their each his theirs so from don as as been can yours t those into it only for been some how more you any hers has but an being he she than both herself than against too her at that an did about should them its ourselves how no only a from few too now your so i be so that than don very t for we here by ours am what out its in me as few themselves more until so a ours such how having has had both hers so you same again until most whom theirs into when again while as in because most its with hers each she the we her of in ourselves for having it themselves me then same who being an on very just such whom through other after there which have during some such both was don no very any too over do were against over off such by not was them my such should own because below until so an it in before are again t each how once me yourselves an as his they if them more few because yours where most no when whom she yourself further those below have itself no