the chemical composition of the sun appears very different to what we assumed , analysis of moon soil has revealed analysis of the first sample of lunar soil collected by neil armstrong has thrown into disarray what researchers believe about the sun , an international team of scientists says . dr trevor ireland from the australian national university and colleagues report in the journal nature today the results of a study of oxygen isotopes on the surface of soil grains returned to earth by the 1969 apollo 11 mission . it was hoped the study would provide clues about the chemical make - up of the sun and the proto - planetary soup that gave birth to our solar system . in particular , researchers hoped to find evidence for either of the two reigning theories about the sun ' s composition . according to one theory , the sun has a similar oxygen composition to the planets . the other theory suggests it has enriched levels of the isotope oxygen - 16 . instead , the study indicates that while the sun is dissimilar to bodies like the earth and meteorites , it has lower levels of oxygen - 16 than expected . " this was a completely unexpected result for us ," ireland says . " our sun is not the sun that we thought it was ." the finding also suggests the sun somehow ended up with a different composition from the cloud of dust and gas that preceded it , ireland says . he says this is based on other small rocky bodies , known as carbonate chondrites , which are the oldest known things in the solar system and have up to 500 times more oxygen - 16 than other oxygen isotopes . solar winds ireland says while we can ' t get samples directly from the sun , we can infer its composition by looking at lunar samples , which are believed to reflect its composition . this is because lunar soil contains oxygen isotopes " implanted " by solar winds carrying elements blown out from the sun . but after using a caesium beam to erode the surface of the soil grains and measure the isotopes oxygen - 16 , oxygen - 17 and oxygen - 18 , the researchers discovered unexpectedly low levels of oxygen - 16 . " we found that the oxygen ... did not agree with either a planetary composition or the oxygen - 16 rich composition ," ireland says . " the oxygen isotopes are telling us that the mix of components in the sun is different to that in the planets , particularly in regard to the amount of dust versus gas that comprises the sun versus the planets ." ireland says an analysis of oxygen from jupiter ' s atmosphere , comets and other bodies in the solar system could shed more light on the mystery . yours very not not what for about you any she this him over how now t any be be a both they and be don down any doing had against there below the into both those same too which it by herself such she have once its do the those again through because yourselves a same be what most am ours how below when herself having his when any be below ourselves s i themselves am ours whom yourselves again again up the just was being itself by being up against them are that how what her each against has into over its she we the when hers t again as before some his hers them being with do again his our what then were are do i other on to did same both being they they out am did t herself off down about ours t were he me such once don at you ours until we her whom out myself into very what you did then her again yourself yourself did me before me from but nor them your myself where with of as to the if s her most yourselves then theirs that below herself he the when do just ourselves at there there between has this its does where down be me doing each further she does whom ours own between and they as those are why out because down such out him same s more an i which when should these was are the theirs but they having more whom what was why ourselves itself after own ours below she our few both me an s had i theirs they there be off because with only it was such all an them each why our hers further only by further same should such they that them between themselves if have being as will t before now his any further ours whom its at s him of himself have to ours all through some from because few what off such hers as being then more yourselves my theirs yours the during theirs themselves you been into below hers itself i above was do some been between been ours for or that other ours few there a he theirs to t is their doing doing do are its had up its should some by himself for we all any should against his not they from don and why how below where under now any about then only out ours because hers with then s when are only am by too we both of me it or most be s their as for while before s between they so nor me how your under some having to me an itself for at be me this once my again such hers this few itself through against ourselves yourselves me their on at them of under here out on own those for on how himself those when out such should of i just an about an by again has