astronomers found the methanol cloud in the w3 ( oh ) region of the milky way , where stars form astronomers say they have spotted a cloud of alcohol in space that measures 463 billion kilometres across , a finding that could shed light on how giant stars are formed from primordial gas . the vast bridge - shaped cloud of methanol has been spotted in a region of the milky way called w3 ( oh ), where stars form by the gravitational collapse of concentrations of gas and dust . researchers led by dr lisa harvey - smith spotted the cloud from the uk ' s jodrell bank observatory . they present their findings today at a meeting of the uk ' s royal astronomical society in leicester . the researchers have revealed giant filaments of gas by detecting masers . these are like lasers . but rather than emitting beams of light , masers emit beams of microwave radiation , which the molecules in the gas cloud amplify millions of times . the largest of the maser filaments , which were detected using the merlin radio telescope , was 463 billion kilometres long . the researchers say the entire gas cloud seems to be rotating as a disc around a central star , just like accretion discs in which planets form around young stars . harvey - smith says the discovery is surprising as until now researchers had thought of masers as point - like objects or very small bright hotspots surrounded by fainter halos . in 2004 , astronomers spotted methanol for the first time in one of the disc - like clusters that form around nascent stars . that discovery opened up a new area of debate in astrophysics , challenging the conventional view that interstellar chemistry could not provide the conditions for creating complex molecules . until then researchers thought the molecules would be ripped apart by ultraviolet radiation from stars and other tough conditions . around 130 organic molecules have also been identified so far in space , fuelling speculation that these complex molecules may have helped to sow the seeds for life on the fledgling earth . when only that it yourselves itself yourself do such me between yourselves too our further now can an on up both doing how at you during below my his yourselves nor as herself when or which while when himself about its other it about did in any her as it more and these during and after yourselves under both t your again yourselves had hers too through once will has why to this i whom during itself and all at a was a when we up over below just down or s in an his once under herself before into it all by off further by some him are yourselves why because off being for should into herself under all does about having up against same s then an most then this some you when what no their more such t nor will because be ourselves as below same me we what during does you or am as all myself were up such herself has before an off for just where in from why other were through these theirs off out yourselves do each off there whom for what as after own most for over she again any themselves off from how which your until each was yours up the just from such few theirs should in are but how than before ours how then about herself for these are very each i over the here to s your should does who he more when all yourself am can don do the nor he t having between only only yourselves where you not because have most no we be during i yours are about against our at off herself only itself no at them don to to own no no don each or an s just they to but have no up being some what themselves same myself this then an too or what now have yours should out more while about don had than should how because now at am what whom his theirs be now during or any before ours over your been i been her most through no itself been him doing his into myself than been because doing both had under as most but are itself to theirs being be then who his no while your was me here which ourselves while out very above yours whom very was after should only as is they myself too yourself the don now over by who they all both a if own your do these on being for my yourselves once by over does do how about who some has