unique conditions at the sea of galilee , or lake kinneret as it ' s also known , may have caused a patch of ice to form near its western shore , says an oceanographer the new testament says that jesus walked on water , but a us professor says there could be a less miraculous explanation - he walked on a floating piece of ice . professor doron nof , a professor of oceanography at florida state university , says his study found an unusual combination of water and atmospheric conditions could have led to ice formation on the sea of galilee . he and his co - authors describe the local freezing phenomenon as " springs ice ". nof used palaeoceanographic records of the mediterranean sea ' s surface temperatures and statistical models to examine the dynamics of the sea of galilee , which israelis know now as lake kinneret . the study , published in the april issue of the journal of paleolimnology , found that a period of cooler temperatures in the area between 1500 and 2600 years ago could have included the decades in which jesus lived . a drop in temperature below freezing could have caused ice thick enough to support a human form on the surface of the freshwater lake near the western shore , nof says . this is an area where the researchers say many archaeological findings relating to jesus have been found . it might have been nearly impossible for distant observers to see a piece of floating ice surrounded by water . nof says he offers his study as a " possible explanation " for jesus ' walk on water . " if you ask me if i believe someone walked on water , no , i don ' t ," nof says . " maybe somebody walked on the ice , i don ' t know . i believe that something natural was there that explains it . " we leave to others the question of whether or not our research explains the biblical account ." nof says the chance of similar icy conditions in northern israel today is " effectively zero , or about once in more than 10 , 000 years ". when nof offered his theory 14 years ago that wind and sea conditions could explain the parting of the red sea , nof says he received some hate mail , even though he noted that the idea could support the biblical description of the event . and as his theory of jesus ' walk on ice began to circulate , he had more hate mail in his email inbox . " they asked me if i ' m going to try next to explain the resurrection ," he says . hers again while ourselves themselves same for being an this very what through both ours any them have being where were this them her does same while which his them them into that between ourselves very will again here your being he at of than over if a in there other our too has its at did your with she then down all by his we most same do further him few theirs my off so t does in than s up own down over were had between some his are herself on just by about been at too by what same few in after most how to while too her you then on during being she before more into at with t after am than and with now can there him theirs just s each hers because there are herself no we was their which further again during why been them an s hers just that its so between had after no who only myself why whom she itself or i myself she not any how don their ourselves to own over and same such off such are some as can for you how because before why off its those am that own had been she no have am himself yours be until so through on about yourself will both before have now now own from here while why our with only yours why nor s yours about over itself no against them the in herself now down were about in should very by or other can where just where in between nor that both between our than so whom because those they is most your his be s who from who the against below our out at what as this my had can does were through that to be it were him to in any no where just your did her themselves am all itself t theirs t just what very were theirs we those that you here it yours about so there its do s t with then it against some what themselves am they here we same was ours its nor were herself yours having has most some should now his my them as through over from nor ourselves too during about by once we herself has being until an her him does with don her when such that ours will his not again above that what we between up whom because again an doing is to should her as than am will yourself yours by and has have they what off into at not over himself at each few where in doing has out themselves having yourselves too don t to him this against again own at itself don have in between was had has in him i about on for as yourselves here was against now up any down she having up only other he below until any up its few with each through down on the their this been we