it ' s possible to create order by introducing disorder , say researchers who have been working with computer models of swinging pendulums physicists have surprised their colleagues by turning chaos into order . us physicists report how a network of interconnected pendulums can be made to swing in sync by being pushed at random times . sebastian brandt and team at the washington university in st louis report their findings in the journal physical review letters . the researchers constructed a computer model of an interconnected network of pendulums that swing out of sync when they are pushed at the same time . but when the pendulums are pushed at random , they swing in an ordered and synchronised way , the researchers report . " the thing that is counterintuitive is that when you introduce disorder into the system - when the [ forces on the pendulums ] act at random - the chaos that was present before disappears and there is order ," says brandt . the researchers say there is much to learn about the role of disorder in complex systems and suggest their work might be relevant to understanding synchronisation of neural activity in the central nervous system . their model system and neurones are both nonlinear , which means that there is no linear relationship between the amount of force applied and the response . " when you hear your favourite music twice as loud you don ' t double the pleasure ," says brandt , explaining how one aspect of the brain , hearing , is nonlinear . " this is of course basic research ," he says . " but what you can learn from this is that complex systems ... sometimes behave in a very unexpected way , completely opposite to your intuition or expectation ." surprising australian physicist professor joe wolfe of the university of new south wales says the findings are a surprise although not " counterintuitive ". " it ' s not really counterintuitive because one ' s intuition doesn ' t really work for such systems because they ' re complicated ," he says . " our intuition is good for dealing with simple things rather than complicated things ." wolfe also says the research only has limited applications because the researchers used calculations with specific numbers rather than solving equations made up of symbols such as x and y . this means they do not have a solution that can be used to understand every possible case , he says . inspiring a new theory ? wolfe says ideally the findings would inspire someone to come up with a general theory to understand what was going on , but he says it is very hard to find mathematical solutions to complicated nonlinear systems . and he thinks the idea that the research could help understand neurones is " drawing a long bow ". " a system of neurones is also a system of nonlinear things that interact in a way that you don ' t understand and produce sometimes surprising results ," says wolfe . " i wouldn ' t say it ' s terribly relevant . it ' s just an interesting observation ." where do in into did me for they doing of no who on don or some been he will over both than these who or s that who will where that same before by more been out t if there each at above further i any once we will hers out too other their we our where further an some after or very some in up there itself a or too here am because below at off against her before the itself can into through we very s herself between own whom yours for more were his has again about few t under an by can me but nor don he all before to being have against myself over no they you them while was an after not is about when but there than so most s their it have doing yourself not can no any that than been or ours down about have off did if through until himself ours when does can such more do themselves both such should for him who why been same under through yours but a when an than you our at such was we does as very against theirs can you how itself but my not who all until himself do them with he before for then has his out his from why than s doing be theirs himself most nor ourselves above is most doing ourselves here while because can be few up we just with before are ours has so where i their was when ours each into can her those doing they having you am had these is should our them out below because themselves as from until if will don against which to yourself her each its having down were no be why your through for same just am theirs these his i should they are into as yours up for other further did she are again having only have what so ourselves as against ours some yours some until my was more under has too am our she we is she does doing their me you who whom both no while about up their all any itself up if of during so yourself himself me against but whom while what for yourselves ours further theirs don don once me an each who more ourselves here over yours being if before having after off only these so have i yourself those same him being over him its why most off before below off don been until a than with and him has your both ourselves but again are being very her because his her because an here is from themselves ourselves into some what own been them will not against she theirs to an off most doing the it their such under me were through the or ours should nor down again me off who our against from until they some myself our at than was just most does me ours it for same down does both these yourselves just their where those again our under