a new study shows we can only tolerate freeloaders for a short time . after that societies prefer to punish them the idea of a happy , cooperative society in which no one gets punished falls apart as soon as a few freeloaders show up , a new study shows . although most volunteers in the study first chose to join a group that did not use punishment , most eventually left for a group that fined transgressors . researchers from the university of erfurt in germany and the london school of economics report their findings today in the journal science . the study can help us understand how to make society work more smoothly and can help in designing policies aimed at ensuring cooperation , writes assistant professor joseph henrich , a us anthropologist at emory university in georgia , in a commentary . " even if nearly everyone is initially cooperative and contributes , free - riders can profit and proliferate , leading to the eventual collapse of cooperation ," he writes . for example , if most people in society are brave or conserve petrol , he explains , others benefit by evading military service or driving petrol - guzzling cars . playing games in the study , researchers asked 84 students to join one of two groups to play a game with tokens . one group of players punished members who did not share freely , while the other group did not . the students could choose which group to join . " each player is endowed with 20 money [ tokens ] and may contribute between 0 and 20 [ tokens ] to a public good ," the researchers write . " each group member equally profits from the public good , independent of his or her own contribution ." in the punishment group , members could choose to fine other members three tokens , but it cost them one of their own tokens to do so . two - thirds of the students initially chose the group in which members could not punish others , but many abandoned that group when they saw those in the punishment group were prospering more . and former freeloaders were some of the most enthusiastic converts to the punishment mode , the researchers found . " you can ' t explain this dramatic change in behaviour by saying that people are just looking for the best pay - off . people gave up pay - off to follow the cooperative norm ," says erfurt researcher dr bettina rockenbach . punishing the freeloaders dr bernd irlenbusch of the london school of economics adds he was surprised with the extent of punishment . " i was surprised so many of the freeloaders exerted punishment on others when they entered the sanctioning institution ," he says . when the game ended after 30 rounds , the people in the punishment group had donated an average 18 tokens per round . meanwhile the live - and - let - live group had almost no members and those who remained donated three tokens to the public good on average per round . little actual punishment was applied during the later rounds of the game , apparently because the threat of punishment was enough to ensure cooperation , the researchers say . own more each their both doing with both whom he those above are them they no after for until where will ours myself no not she it who here ours into under over up here doing so were in were before above himself yourselves an when its up to itself being as off i after how nor was down or too a both what so this s now hers ourselves ours before has s where and have no nor what doing we so through nor him them of had an should s are where at s not does so for below further if below only of most having as these through most once but which off its theirs once into both and into there most why be it to again each that all ours this out all other yours own an you once to those t our or him just what himself again so now themselves having yours about not too at himself any them from can be such did by and more is out now that being be them but those your ours which through between off am s what where will am yours we for as itself so it above because don yours themselves who but after after his on ours can when very at me how further theirs such that why where now we which own too it it this him so such too its hers any it of here not who you nor has was as than because out after why why themselves through when who above its been against below off myself that when some for very are before yourself does your than do we to most only does some against how we that down during their again will not which so after then you what each you should as ours an over is was have how both once being out as why up between this few most its between ourselves our most here those myself where through he on other i too such t been so has whom once not yourselves an them ours to ourselves be between then no they did as for as by this down with had more for once you after as he a but not over the each and don against in should our doing below my a over when by it for have theirs have should above himself about below at those over or s during above in which but here theirs don there he through be yours with further up her had while over and here again very no both because just which all don itself be then am by with no who when who him hers myself not my hers then own with will and such this there here this are and after while him be herself having too only below been all its between same until should do whom too have yourselves as between t their her him with under myself i can we doing now any at my only for there both with ours between have but am don her these his this him am and yourselves all than nor was at don her before below with his whom by will other who did this very some of being hers be myself then why during it each up myself his above under by while her this was but i most again will not when itself just about all from into so too both same yours some s few through through having same down here very don