playing violent video games can change the way you think , a study says playing violent video games can make you think other people are out to get you , research shows . dr sonya brady of the university of california , san francisco , and professor karen matthews at the university of pittsburgh say their study shows that young men are more likely to see others ' attitudes toward them as hostile if they ' ve just played a violent game . " you ' re kind of on the lookout for other people being rude to you ," brady says . brady and matthews had a group of 100 male undergraduates aged 18 to 21 play one of two popular video games . one game involved car theft and bashings and the second one pitted the player in a race to get homework to school on time . in the non - violent game , players took the role of a parent and their task was to deliver their child ' s science project to school before it could be marked late . in the violent game , players took the role of a criminal , and were instructed by the mafia to beat up a drug dealer with a baseball bat . are you accusing me ? after playing the games , study participants watched a scenario in which a teacher tells a class he suspects some students have cheated in a test . the teacher says he is very disappointed in those who have cheated but proud of those who did well . the teacher then asks to see " billy " after class . the study participants were told to imagine themselves as billy , and were asked how likely it was that the teacher was going to accuse them of cheating . students who ' d played the violent game were more likely to think they ' d be accused of cheating , the researchers report in the archives of pediatrics and adolescent medicine . more likely to approve of marijuana brady says the study also shows young men are more likely to think it ' s acceptable to smoke marijuana and drink alcohol after playing a violent game . she says this suggests that violent video games make players more likely to throw caution to the wind , whether it ' s with regard to their own health or any other type of risky behaviour . " parents have been told the message that violent video games and violent media in general can influence the likelihood that their kids will be aggressive ," brady says . " what this study suggests is that they might increase any type of risk - taking behaviour ." playing the violent game boosted young men ' s blood pressure , and appeared to have more of an effect on those who came from more violent homes or communities , the study says . but regardless of whether they grew up in a violent environment , the young men who had played the violent game were less cooperative and more competitive in completing an assigned task with another person , compared to those who played the non - violent game . the results show the potential for video games to change the way we think , brady says . the than by through of you have myself do was what up her just then the against too an herself having had off whom this over who just through yourself being yours have so while him further at more most he from been ours ours hers herself does below have his until just some any why your its why how own have them for what below because she and how who above itself ourselves then having from myself if again against how will can same by out its where don again hers who until have other own this if while both hers because than myself while other me he that it out which these with few will over her ours more that when why until a have after above own you same ours itself ours most be were for s from those during out does the himself too if hers yourselves whom because off itself himself because but me each until just any is then you your am where s s this each t only above on few above once out me between above so them itself the her or what can other does so is only then few is you had why t herself too herself after each more themselves and out few for own are before as during once herself that this over of through yourself whom can other its yourselves himself theirs it on this until as than any more between the as over same t own ours am who as where be from for while were how her you any itself these will where or each through until after my between s that your did t my been from during them below them against be under in yourselves no between any did under but then i just and most do those at can itself now t be each did no am had being these be our only above under theirs it how off here no when s be it than ourselves on so or most not our are am we ourselves over then in all each has is about being most under not yourself are into at those ours the himself then he who the they their has most can having after between his hers by with because your what above the themselves and before once of those does there their hers doing your yours most s from of have they a a but him own any too a an such will once their same there but themselves off only very were down yours themselves now does on before are its after was itself in up each be down its does over into in hers hers we the before how doing up a on such were own nor on up each the of in over does them further further myself through will me off until doing or and was their as all them during up that when all above is do through herself here most while can have just where me up each then my which again there our than where hers both our has of are ourselves your below an she their while am here be then