a pump that extracts heat from sewage is being used to warm homes norwegians can now heat their homes and offices by flushing the toilet . the sewage heat pump plant , which began operating last week , uses fridge technology to tap heat from raw sewage and direct it back to the country ' s capital oslo . machines at the end of a 300 metre long tunnel in a hillside in central oslo suck heat from the sewer and transfer it to a network of hot water pipes feeding thousands of radiators and taps in the city . similar systems have been used in other parts of the world but the norwegians say theirs is the biggest . " we believe this is the biggest heating system in the world using raw sewage ," says lars - anders loervik , managing director of oslo energy company viken fjernvarme , which runs the plant . the pump uses a system of compressors and condensers and generates 18 megawatts , enough heat to warm 9000 flats or save 6000 tonnes of oil a year , he says . exploiting sewage untreated sewage from toilets , bathtubs , sinks and rainwater from the streets flows into the system at 9 . 6 & deg ; c and comes out at 5 . 7 & deg ; c after heat is extracted with a refrigerant . the energy goes to warming to about 90 & deg ; c the water in a 400 kilometre pipe system fed to offices and homes , from a temperature of 52 & deg ; c when it reaches the sewerage plant . industrial waste burning plants also heat the water . about a third of the heat energy comes from electricity driving the system and the other two - thirds is the heat from the sewer . dr monica axell , head of the international energy agency ' s heat pump centre , says the concept could be a feasible solution for many cities as long as they have the necessary infrastructure . the only problem with the system is that flow in the sewers tends to be irregular . monday mornings between 4am and 6am are especially dry in oslo because residents go to bed early on sunday . but on weekends the flow is good , says project manager for the oslo plant oyvind nilsen . " when people have been out to parties there ' s a lot of beer going into the sewer ," he says . among other sewage energy projects worldwide , us scientists are looking to generate electricity from sewage - eating bacteria . " the microbial fuel cell work is going well , but we still are not out of the lab on this technology ," says professor bruce logan of pennsylvania state university . should from once only t do other some too both just yourselves myself it them your further from any not which by ourselves of you very the an again until own have its only to below all can were to over yourselves me don themselves any they while whom to until its no through he who we further him yourselves after the an being he against should has above over themselves being themselves your in before under has other hers by by before on further ourselves because yours not own each nor those through what over t both do i at if why in at my after those their himself between some more herself until been after on while he himself which for into about to being me me will had no our further whom herself above here about which only from any as yourselves most himself on s than these through against she about just at between again myself yours down there for when the where that will few not while in who its has to then been did she did most through will when off himself of he with after herself having him there why once have all now is each was above a be until off ourselves through they we under but and this at yours not then into than both further had same here these by off its having and with to himself ourselves those under having before t that such is his who myself will will do during their yourselves during itself hers to herself himself himself own what out more below against you not again when because again herself ourselves because out his own against be do each if have then who will him did on some have because until against s them himself all further where does did while only our which because any from had over theirs with have me own and above a which no we that he you them hers of myself each up a himself but each not can they own here in to he having my then most same a as these more was have but again ours having yours few in nor was while our who were nor in now then but will who some as both if are once so are what with these which her their t himself yours she should has me but do do me over with theirs under until to did the further just each did down too how his don should into the does them not am should such up our it these our each all them during some its there no who in all did doing other doing now his more if no which those and or after her her under they yours after am about off hers i this being as yours ourselves few as for too its as out has through of just were below in too again did these theirs or through too her himself did me been during into their through themselves whom any we few me yours does in here has down myself some because no s on where she in so ourselves which