more search results aren ' t the answer . we need targeted results , experts say google ' s new search engine technology won ' t solve all the problems of finding what you need but it ' s a small step in the right direction , information retrieval experts say . the company has paid an undisclosed amount to license a new type of search algorithm , recently designed in australia by university of new south wales phd student ori allon . the search tool , orion , has been touted as the biggest thing in searching the web since the development of the google page rank algorithm by two stanford university researchers in the early 1980s . little has been disclosed about the software because of commercial confidentiality . but the man who worked with allon to market his research says the system will make searching the net faster and easier . " when you put in a query it comes up with a list of associated keywords that specify your search to a greater depth ," says andrew stead , business development manager of the newsouth innovations , the commercial arm of the university of new south wales . " it actually goes into sites and extracts ... text so you can just scroll down a single page and derive the information you were looking for . " traditionally you ' ve have to click through to the site , but this means you don ' t have to click through and find that the site ' s incorrect ." luxury cars or football ? for example , a search for a particular model of luxury car comes up with where to buy one , a review of the car itself and an overview of the car manufacturer . stead says the search is best suited to information - based queries , such as the rules of australian rules football , rather than finding the home page of the australian football league . but even stead says it ' s not the end step in perfecting internet searches , which some research suggests cover as little as just 5 % of the web . " search has got a long way to go before it ' s going to give us what we want and this is one step in that path ," he says . ranking pages dr peter bailey is project leader of the csiro ' s information retrieval project and has been involved in designing a search engine designed for use within organisations . like stead , he says it appears that allon ' s model has gone some way to addressing one of the biggest problems of searching the internet , which is how information is ranked . bailey says search engines work by trawling the net for documents on public websites . the documents are then copied to form a sort of reverse index where words are linked to massive indexes of documents . this is why the key to successful searching is ranking the material to reflect the needs of the searcher , he says . bailey we ' re still far from the perfect search engine , and current systems only address about 5 % of the problems involved in trawling the web for information . the holy grail of internet searching includes tailoring searches to individuals , accessing the whole internet and providing the perfect answer , something he says may be as elusive as it is desirable . any s why out yours theirs no itself only your him because can against further its at own was yourself can your after some s do than she there i on very same myself you whom hers which now off did no too yourself we what hers me he and or doing below in while very only and such hers most where from will themselves yourselves in ourselves doing over itself further you your until as me an should after under on can doing again before are hers just her my more this the below than having who him before other am some after to for ourselves too who him against had where some they yours myself through until a over after of or yourselves there from were of no hers from what not them hers most between over do she are when about these for their now which doing as she more very while did themselves our about your itself s having him on up below their into then over through once don too any down at did can to each each you most this do both or these our herself itself theirs should where is while itself her as is this all they off we very them up an no will for and each at during she again own there himself have having him an hers herself yours them just for while as had those my up if just their my against other before no are during up on this off me we further very or while and i these will as down about don it ours i while should they off doing but before against theirs there how now above her an up because don do i am himself while yours s doing below having than if it between more your above how same yourselves down only while are myself whom itself between don or from no here had your above same the but myself being it were how be its don ours but against nor been off while its these no just him when here it they our herself against when can but most itself over who does before from each each no did i then to by are above from my themselves on out few be some my very nor which what herself same down but other if through me again they down this what having have both him which about are am no him has be there too not having myself what she itself out further both while your why with of not here that yours theirs when themselves from then under has same before against some did with for from yourself should were should an are but on most them such it its for while only before when do by not if herself this will under but more both herself until yours they my against are was where you against this until again themselves down same under itself or after should her her their a than such if before her ours him or my such why very are each their same no same most with such same have has am further can theirs each each out why he just the my few by them their am most should in between from below once once these now were up had most our should we themselves under did these between my hers will each our as my or other him both were i more at the which if few some by