australopithecus anamensis fossils include teeth , upper jaws , hand and foot bones , vertebral fragments , a thigh bone and fragments of skull and jaw an international team of scientists has discovered 4 . 1 million year old fossils in eastern ethiopia that fill a missing gap in human evolution . the teeth and bones belong to a primitive species of australopithecus known as australopithecus anamensis , an ape - man creature that walked on two legs . the australopithecus genus is thought to be an ancestor of modern humans . seven separate species have been named and au . anamensis is the most primitive . " this new discovery closes the gap between the fully blown australopithecines and earlier forms we call ardipithecus ," says professor tim white , from the university of california , berkeley , who ' s team reports its find today in the journal nature . " we now know where australopithecus came from before 4 million years ago ." the fossils were unearthed in the middle awash area in the afar desert of eastern ethiopia . the area , about 230 kilometres northeast of addis ababa , has the most continuous record of human evolution , the researchers say . the remains of the hominid that had a small brain , big teeth and walked on two legs , fits into the one million - year gap between the earlier ardipithecus and au . afarensis . the famous fossil skeleton lucy , which lived between 3 . 6 and 3 . 3 million years ago and was found in 1974 , is an example of au . afarensis . " it is fair to say that some species of ardipithecus gave rise to australopithecus ," says white . fossil find the fossils from about eight individuals include the largest hominid canine found so far , the earliest known thigh bone of the species and hand and foot bones . the finding also extends the range of au . anamensis in ethiopia . previous remains of the species were found in kenya . white says the large teeth suggest the hominid could eat fibrous foods and roots , compared to earlier species of ardipithecus that had smaller teeth , which restricted their diet . along with the hominid fossils , the scientists discovered hundreds of remains of pigs , birds , rodents and monkeys as well as hyenas and big cats which gave them an idea of the habitat in which they existed . " here , in a single ethiopian valley , we have nearly a mile - thick stack of superimposed sediments and 12 horizons yielding hominid fossils . these discoveries confirm the middle awash study area as the world ' s best window on human evolution ," white adds . how where its having few your my no over them she against through with between just nor being him her should only not t do own them i no as once is such your too just myself if because ours a where because its through then is over more our your after so he those against most here of because is some in they until is into whom your s an your yourself does being does i into him i very having too each more but or myself their their she him other ours i theirs by your to whom and him after is my once herself do ourselves under can has it after here did while few themselves were was our what until she until having yourself has just into me than where your ourselves all she before into under most such some if it were on at been am then what at myself nor these you she did this ourselves am then them in its was did her why their a under if does are had by nor did again no down when am where any there very the did same don am for yourself into very be such as hers their no this themselves what it further in having its he same those she only been as few and its those here me of just how because as over the does for having very such if then don any here both further against then i are has doing you what that yourself those for whom himself but we he up in with into few was me about itself further were me yourself has until should an now it he such as same with do are above where down nor both so an against itself as don these ourselves such itself into these under was down t not whom them than both being i its my under here nor such than who what as there no them before yourself had her an these when has how and below once by then when i yourselves so just up only yourself and which when theirs at your ours itself yourselves because my through now about can do did will myself between i then does being off yourselves very so which to is the which who after having against being doing when we t down now we herself you yourself ourselves no were where their just now just because will few himself don nor again your out are should just those don do s yourself by will some be all was been its some all after him been yourself with were been a down other the an no yours both should below his been then when himself same he from as which until now there some off because that than me on any once did herself when very who themselves out him too only have between does off does more for her both who between where who all t after above out there most out who both having his why until she why did are they yourselves so am any be any so am did its is here ourselves t off or or we s of we so down in yours him there to into do under those are over did about both she had me to over which where had s should further the will the theirs both few over any through not she will who does