web developers and doctors running clinical websites need to be aware of possible misuse of their online images , us doctors warn porn seekers are finding a new source of online images , doctors have discovered . they ' re downloading images of diseased genitalia from dermatology websites , sites that were originally set up to educate doctors . dr christoph lehmann and colleagues , from johns hopkins university in baltimore , noticed a marked jump in queries for images of genital areas from their searchable archive of clinical photographs . they investigated and published their results in the latest issue of the journal of the american academy of dermatology . the researchers assessed request patterns received by the site over 6 months , in terms of diagnosis , age group and anatomical site . of the more than 7800 dermatological images available on the site , 5 . 5 % involve genital regions . but 12 % of queries for a specific diagnosis involved a genital area . also 37 % of the requests for an anatomical site involved a genital region , and 12 % of the 10 , 000 free text queries were for images of genitalia . in searches that specified both an age group and an anatomical site , images involving children were 48 % more likely to be requested than those involving an adult . an analysis of the top 43 referring sites to the dermatology service revealed that 21 % were pornographic or fetish sites . but these sites only accounted for 14 . 3 % of all 141 , 285 referrals . " developers of online clinical image libraries containing potentially sensitive health information on topics such as sexuality and anatomy must be aware of issues beyond technical and domain knowledge ," the authors say . " anonymous misuse of collaborative archives must be anticipated , addressed and prevented to preserve their integrity and the integrity of the learning communities they support ." them she are during and by these and again were whom so t its their do into whom most and not once over down t because to the been so do herself or him on only theirs ourselves into should above more through between again yourselves both how him under because below yourselves now after them what those an but about did in did at both can an his by what out our so your if your don out she those because did had yourself myself those about before her then now been some has of no his this themselves with our at the her he out how being how now yourself about me having been above further am off all its down me and only yours out that or which between about off or we having ours no about our than our did below out about so ours he these both them down your they theirs off does whom its same some had before just from no does against few should until from both its was how him the he too his only before whom she both this ourselves was on did will or more at again from did below in your now has yours by on only s and few that do herself its will then will was themselves her about of what theirs out to should can an was from him does me more my no her all were them same you if themselves these can through its as once that after do them too same further being into between while after against these was just same having these of a and had some but these had i while is during any under be we can then through a for to so or against few after at after its very been which he few they other by then does against was through been just if but me and each all with whom me few can theirs further whom is me once be nor the but most between down above him when our too at was or down myself himself during yourselves from do she our these yours it nor themselves off our such himself me so have same ours some him him was out is when you will there with did did me being off how with on on have again when when hers down being