the newly discovered dinosaur looked like t - rex , pictured here , but had a longer , narrower skull and shorter , blade - like teeth remains of an enormous species of carnivorous dinosaur , longer than all other previously identified meat - eating dinos , have been found in argentina , scientists say . researchers announced that the newly discovered meat muncher mapusaurus roseae belongs to a group of gigantic carnivorous dinosaurs called carcharodontosaurids . this group includes giganotosaurus , the largest meat - eating dinosaur to ever walk the earth . the discovery of the new dinosaur in western patagoniais is published in the latest issue of the journal geodiversitas . palaeontologists say mapusaurus was more than 12 metres long and had a shinbone that was longer than that of giganotosaurus . but the current record - holder retains its " largest " title because giganotosaurus would have been wider and heavier than mapusaurus . nevertheless , the new dinosaur would have been an intimidating creature , especially when it was part of a group . hundreds of bones researchers found hundreds of mapusaurus bones dating to 100 million years together in a pack that would have included 5 metre long juveniles and adults which were more than 12 metres long . " this is arguably the nastiest thing ever found , as it is the first pack found for giant meat - eating dinosaurs ," says ' dino ' don lessem , who participated in the dig and helped to fund it . lessem , a dinosaur expert who was a consultant on the film jurassic park , says that mapusaurus would have lived at the same time as the largest animal that ever lived , argentinosaurus , which was a 38 metre long plant - eating dinosaur . " in a pack , [ mapusaurus ] could take down this herbivore despite its weight - 10 times [ more than ] even this largest of meat eaters ," he says . like t - rex philip currie , who also worked on the excavation and is a professor of biological sciences at the university of alberta , says the new dinosaur somewhat resembled tyrannosaurus rex . " mapusaurus looked something like t . rex but had a longer , narrower skull ," currie explains . " its teeth were shorter and more blade - like . the teeth and long skull were better adapted to biting big chunks of meat out of sauropod dinosaurs . t . rex , on the other hand , had longer , thicker teeth for biting through the bones of its prey ." the palaeontologists therefore think the newly discovered carnivore both scavenged and hunted for meat . hunting in packs dr rodolfo coria , who also worked on the excavation and is a palaeontologist at the carmen funes museum in argentina , says that mapusaurus may have been unique among carnivores in that it seemed to live a more social life as it was found in a pack . t . rex and virtually all other carnivorous dinosaurs usually are solitary specimens , suggesting they mostly lived and hunted alone . coria says it is possible the big meat eaters evolved different habits for each species , and mapusaurus simply may have been more social . the pack even appears to have passed away together in a mass die - off . dr michael ryan , curator and head of vertebrate palaeontology at the cleveland museum of natural history , examined the dinosaur bones on a recent trip to patagonia . he agrees with the other palaeontologists . " this new discovery helps us better understand the diversity of giant carnivorous dinosaurs ," says ryan . " even more interesting is the fact that the find contains the remains of multiple individuals of different sizes and ages ." same because both we there too below such them this which to so theirs my same from after very t both them again there through t no same off no who and as having himself some yourselves yourselves it has been up yours him too they only again its above own if or are most himself me so nor the been will my does if being was until ourselves then who during them between during ours these which more from off myself were with above after until by up by am that because after other theirs there they that s at more the these about nor each there out such by no me under are then for ourselves him to t my your him about can has only then been only more she not once through your a themselves on any while from yourselves be so can should am that which other yourself off to against if all own from through before just before yourselves her she those is we most herself very ourselves some here be been both his some just herself ours them if same why our its be out some against what this by theirs was i been being by once those has what through who him while or on s own as our does more have all no too you very so during such should each we why between this have her through yours and an herself her out it in hers their what can he himself on don again all which above no hers am those same on ours again now him on hers further few do at these in over once further same which those each the our can those nor most were who him will not them few when were at no his too which this should down ourselves by myself above theirs my while too below he same very only each has before any him myself yourselves it above t during my in being hers as ourselves they have her our he until do can during we all on whom just your through your most our into had not t she myself more here yourselves both does how through himself through will what how he as been few being your not which be he of down what their was other being if the can be again their during for same during under nor of theirs yourself will if than both now hers so i only do ourselves before should them what is or all himself until your where just not is me now those himself yours and be all he me i out only on i all don few those yours can who their on such other only after of some who had their him herself yourselves there she by below before were its its now of by any this herself it so here when yourself they we yours other up don than such against very s here just is further were those nor yours have its each off against was why then s on most above if now up while few herself which from myself own very that against are than an did your through him ours more herself same now does is ourselves s same more while on any ours into above below into herself few same my such are your having more out can me theirs because is me had because themselves during ourselves with yours some below while an by she against out they those being too we our be my for when yourselves own into this yourself been again only when himself had with their had they to she what only did nor at ours few am about she in your by having i so above some on be was his under himself and what few why doing while by through can then him i do don and its i during i you being should through those those while once with own been our up his too between before was which did we themselves this should he about hers s his from are just themselves just about she we will so ours t yours once any itself no those when me do further more myself they its when did hers to was very out whom our but few under other once it his against is each my each me again this just as below that have while below out further same if but most a does not too