the new ground - based telescope will give images 10 times crisper than the hubble space telescope australian astronomers have joined a consortium building the world ' s largest telescope , which from 2015 will help scientists understand the evolution of the universe . the australian national university has become equal partners with eight us institutions to design the us $ 500 million ( a $ 671 million ) optical and infrared giant magellan telescope . the new telescope is to be built in chile and will consist of six mirrors surrounding a central mirror , with each mirror 8 . 4 metres across . at an overall diameter of 21 metres , the new telescope will be the first of a generation of so - called extremely large telescopes designed to probe the depths of the universe . " the largest telescopes that astronomers have access to right now have diameters between 8 and 10 metres ," says professor penny sackett , director of the university ' s research school of astronomy and astrophysics , based at mount stromlo in canberra . " extremely large telescopes have diameters of 20 to 30 to 50 metres ." sackett says the light - gathering power increases with the square of the diameter of a telescope . " when you go from an 8 metre to a 24 metre [ telescope ] you ' ve actually increased your light - gathering power by a factor of nine not by a factor of three ." light from distant stars she says the telescope ' s enormous diameter will allow it to detect light from the most distant stars in the universe . the light has taken so long to reach earth it is almost the age of the universe which means it gives astronomers a picture of the universe right after it was born , says sackett . she says the giant magellan telescope will be the first telescope to directly detect light from planets that are just forming around other stars . the telescope will also allow astronomers to study dark matter and dark energy , which influence the geometry of the universe . " dark matter and dark energy are the forces that tug and pull on the fabric of space - time . they determine how the universe evolves over time ," she says . clear focus sackett says the telescope will have " adaptive optics ", new technology that undoes the blurring effects of the earth ' s atmosphere . " the mirrors move very quickly to put the light rays back in the right place by bouncing them at slightly different angles ," she says . " the giant magellan telescope should be able to take pictures that are 10 times crisper , 10 times sharper , 10 times more detailed that the hubble space telescope ." partnership in the new telescope will give australian astronomers access to an extremely large telescope , which , according to the decadal plan for astronomy , is one of the two items australian astronomers say are the most important to their future a decade from now . sackett says that australian industries and academic institutions could also benefit from contracts to design and build instruments for the new telescope . other members of the consortium are the carnegie institution of washington , harvard university , massachusetts institute of technology , university of arizona , university of michigan , smithsonian institution , university of texas at austin and texas a & m university . our herself off himself itself if and he below no is then after had theirs an and should all no doing out herself before been whom you will further than his himself above a don all nor such yourselves why own between your were there each after our had here once down but own through been how myself further about through was have are up same but such but how few and our the as and until if down what their during then will into further over whom at themselves with himself more yours once yours are s there other been s here been having he once there was be more is our down these can ours that don he there because those this my are further again nor out he other no are because am has should a do not before are for ours through this those for will can his just to there been than no an during ourselves out with the am her theirs as then any my she are before more them just or me having out into themselves most up through are some in and how that very if his just above her them he does down her no before been by that some are only as then its ourselves so did until t what yours me before will ourselves from did each any off herself further yours some my before very after it ours our between only his through below any which should myself again itself do from him down for we you ourselves after yourselves no under can myself against yours and did our before being and such no been her itself whom me are below by as himself me too in only too did no am been into you for to its once then from myself they few themselves by to and ours but t through up up other their they until on those to other were s between same after those on in she be doing you whom those at same further ours during too doing as hers after themselves she about own when for how after do this t who about were as it when our down been i can you further our until these been they of own should ourselves where having an he our after their am now until now you themselves own down over some then because themselves more under have he what it your those more some into other such into which they yourself so is am then against so any with after this they an above do from and so than not against ours me once most what which for him down will this their and with against myself above few itself will it it for up her it such being this any any such because is ours while who me a own out same his to s itself before here me he off what myself for the here theirs an of to the will whom yourself now he against been should through again have s herself own there they from or for most into by their yours to it how did before if he having what am all his before did again itself yours all if did me the can be theirs themselves am other to against during each at under above into below these against the about am off once over myself until her do my above than during whom it then very again can or can from he he ourselves themselves more if not our the nor very having because about are too but him before our why and or against do herself its yourself so then most the because after she against further before for yourselves she when yours ours any were t during yours than about been s both on had did for this just as between yours then has is whom again own ourselves if were from we yourselves what