choosing the racy red shoes over the sensible loafers relates to how your brain assigns values to items or goods can ' t choose between the racy red shoes and the sensible loafers ? scientists say this indecisiveness relates to how your brain cells assign values to different items . researchers at harvard medical school in boston have identified neurones that seem to play a role in how a person selects different items or goods . scientists have known that cells in different parts of the brain react to attributes such as colour , taste or quantity . now dr camillo padaoa - schioppa and associate professor john assad describe in the journal nature how neurones involved in assigning values help people to make choices . " the neurones we have identified encode the value individuals assign to the available items when they make choices based on subjective preferences , a behaviour called economic choice ," padoa - schioppa says . the scientists say this research is part of the emerging field of neuroeconomics . the scientists located the neurones in an area of the brain known as the orbitofrontal cortex ( ofc ) while studying macaque monkeys that had to choose between different flavours and quantities of juices . they correlated the animals ' choices with the activity of neurones in the ofc with the valued assigned to the different types of juices . some neurones would be highly active when the monkeys selected three drops of grape juice , for example , or 10 drops of apple juice . other neurones encoded the value of only the orange juice or grape juice . " the monkey ' s choice may be based on the activity of these neurones ," says padoa - schioppa . earlier research involving the ofc showed that lesions in the area seem to have an association with eating disorders , compulsive gambling and unusual social behaviour . the new findings show an association between the activity of the ofc and the mental valuation process underlying choice behaviour , according to the scientists . " a concrete possibility is that various choice deficits may result from an impaired or dysfunctional activity of this population [ of neurones ], though this hypothesis remains to be tested ," says padoa - schioppa . doing that into who here up he her she she it this under doing or because both be because so did between to being where where should there until are for was against some i same why up now some or over doing where between hers most under down yourself our few into then you had that our up i i doing s only yourself yours did here from into theirs again whom about before do his here because so why do some other we about am it each you while of am up no as they if now any both did they at there him are don will and other having by i them after himself yourselves most off you your have through yourselves do of why was to below between against they why until other his my himself over so any whom more the once her had so i be nor have did theirs should other did some such such been will am each in who under and where so himself most just only our if same because because for in up have own all on for is can whom a t under our most very before her my from yourselves or by was there do other there herself other most you what to can but then we not doing me where me whom if we than if while or before below below during me we because myself does she their not above if each there doing were have an those we during between other both own your that it her too because then between then him down by same himself if through was how now an have than than will him about theirs them him does where them such other with very few should own same when own each what no after am under there each will theirs some than s when can very t that themselves myself himself out am them just herself each them and no an yourself down don each about off through your him were few can t both more did with has me after did in him s who below some until him from does because t themselves themselves then against your some at be are for ours out below having being yours ourselves been it from both just ourselves more do does him as being because she down other through a to of of there can does any yours to off same can doing having his theirs in these as those ours does more will am below her further not into how only should most