they ' re in here somewhere researchers have made a new kind of fabric bag that can detect its contents and alert the owner when something is missing . the ladybag , aimed at young professional women , could put an end to leaving the house without the mobile phone , house keys or wallet . " we are a group of six women on the team . we came up with the bag idea because we thought that all of us would use it ," says team member ginny mesina , a student from canada ' s simon fraser university . mesina and the team developed the idea as part of a course project , which placed students from the university ' s interactive arts degree and the information technology degree together . to design the bag , the students used off - the - shelf technology . they embedded a radio frequency identification ( rfid ) reader , which is powered by a 9 volt battery , into the bottom of the bag . they then wired the reader to a screen - like panel in the front of the bag , which contains three patterns of light - emitting diodes . each pattern is an icon representing an essential item that the owner does not want to leave home without . in the prototype , these items are a set of keys , a wallet , and a mobile phone . they then attached an rfid sensor to each of those items . as long as each item is missing from the ladybag , its corresponding icon lights up . as the keys , phone , and wallet are each placed into the bag , the icon blinks off . " i always forget my phone , but always remember my handbag . this is a great solution ," says industrial designer rosanna kilfedder , a master ' s degree candidate at scotlands heriot - watt university in edinburgh . kilfedder designed the suntrap handbag , a solar - powered bag that absorbs sunlight by day and then lights up when it ' s dark to help search for items inside . " i believe because people have seen how technology can make their everyday lives easier , they now want more traditional products updated to offer the same benefits ," says kilfedder . and for their younger sisters the ladybag team aims their product at 20 - something women , but another version is designed to appeal to the preteen and teenager . that ladybag is equipped with a light - emitting diode screen that contains seven different expressive face patterns . five sensors located in different areas on the bag pick up various force and motion generated by the bag ' s owner and then translate that into one of the seven different light patterns . for example , if the person fiddles frantically with the bag , the face with a worried look will light up . if the owner hugs the bag , a happy face emoticon will light up . according to mesina , the team has had a wave of unexpected attention and will be talking with the university ' s technology transfer department about patenting the ladybag . yours yourselves yourself not for other while once this which their just until when here can her these i herself each each nor after by hers having your had out is me have because over only once as under further does he those why than each what below having for my as of me were himself because so do does have these a in same by the in been down were ourselves on during between while be any him below this being by its theirs own we own why it itself my does hers or am this there t me you who that having our are then having once there has she is myself through do their what will itself at than and between during and into where be t why that some have between only further of been he itself that their their themselves which too few they of just before all yours t was and ourselves she was me those just just for here are an those all themselves because same to at these out for i some both no ours with very will here after what these if her some their same against herself it very no over other were that again all will those some do are such out up i ours in why just myself which more am for with same should now to had most what not does again been it her by while been not with below does some its have when while both both myself their s the doing where will himself does of nor too from so once those what other as have more i each if in their are ours yourself whom more then very with did each these it theirs she yourselves to being has not because after while his yourselves above her such in for and from of did below as into your not against such of being your had having up too not them her now we few ours where this what as other himself can had has hers am against those when before through yourselves it nor a did there most not same few my its most are for but do how am can through against on itself has t can but as when some itself no what don through now an t than did the again when being he own her don again me what by under t out they into while doing above up doing nor should your above has before his yours other for its being both ourselves itself into having further his her t as myself above an that below yourself am her be are the your own that more ours you further which those once both other between i when him i he did too their do why their over with being t then only up most himself them am again on they where is own no t other further am off its a again of to that off during they were yourself these a who was whom during he being hers down between more is i theirs of down were just a have were same above in its during yours doing had that doing through about have after is because them been having will our can his what having an that with itself these s when they such than this where is