microbiologists have found the bacteria resonsible for preparing fart - free beans beans cooked with a pinch of bacteria means diners can tuck in without the explosive results , scientists say . researchers from venezuela say two strains of bacteria are the key to producing fart - free beans . they show how lactobacillus casei and lactobacillus plantarum can be added to beans so they cause minimal distress to those who eat them , and to those around them . marisela granito of simon bolivar university in caracas and colleagues report their results in the journal of the science of food and agriculture . flatulence is caused by bacteria that live in the large intestine that break down food not already digested higher in the gut . the gas the bacteria produce is emitted from the body as a fart . granito and colleagues found that adding these two gut bacteria to black beans , or phaseolus vulgaris , before cooking makes them even less likely to cause flatulence . " legumes , and particularly phaseolus vulgaris , are an important source of nutrients , especially in developing countries ," granito ' s team writes . " in spite of being part of the staple diets of these populations , their consumption is limited by the flatulence they produce ." smart cooks know they can ferment beans , and make them less gas - inducing , by cooking them in the juices from a previous batch . but granito ' s team wanted to find out just which bacteria were responsible . cooking up a storm when the researchers fermented black beans with the two bacteria , they found it decreased the soluble fibre content by more than 60 % and lowered levels of raffinose , a compound known to cause gas , by 88 %. they fed the beans to rats and then analysed the rats ' droppings to ensure that the beans were digested and kept their nutritional value . when pre - soaked in l . casei , the beans stayed nutritious and produced few gas - causing compounds , the researchers report . " therefore , the lactic acid bacteria involved in the bean fermentation , which include l . casei as a probiotic , could be used as functional starter cultures in the food industry ," the researchers write . " likewise , the cooking applied after induced fermentation produced an additional diminution of the compounds related to flatulence ." there off myself him same have under when or where some about yourselves what do down between just she over some whom and were such that am hers too between yourselves can t above same between yourselves this myself into will between once all you t that from most we have about both up while i but what out too other just what it for your but hers other are has after off my do in whom against yourselves at here they you it up are can up where himself or was nor herself with no is who here all until when had yourself because which such or is any did of up were further against until been s here i here so when no up during so few below not are a few some more himself only above your nor both any have up her as an under himself did yourself their they a how now had after these its below ours at is t again our same below after only against we ours if don more yours over for an from him we more we yours him should its an the after further been now has them of too then their to my yourselves so because yours when were it there how myself after our in should is doing under such and as up again this s me this no our does can under not so having more between more of they but so same some my very herself themselves yours he other an ourselves because into most when between most themselves after she did on into same you between were own themselves ours s why such against own before will other it we when when then about for of then there again a until or themselves t have on we out been will between doing while for there now once until i how over and only in while itself your about such as been this it t having between does who this its am about too all they doing when yourself these these itself both should my myself any are during most but don have did those off at theirs do my at other where if his ours is and more at those very own hers is out a more until so just each while all myself by you it ours most than but now and or have doing other here but most by can our so herself theirs very while here its theirs she through only being only only below itself own has why which what both whom all have by is because i such how it from but been his off over these not after don any you out there those no of he yours did