space explorers have been urged to consider the implications of exploring the cosmos before taking another leap for mankind we will need an intergalactic police force to keep order in space and protect the interests of the vulnerable , says a us ethicist . dr patrick lin , of the the nanoethics group in santa barbara , california , says we should be thinking about the ethical implications of future space exploration . and some kind of government or police force should be considered . he will tell the international space development conference in los angeles next week that it is not clear that an earth - based government would be the most effective . " space has been long called ' the final frontier ', but have we taken the time to consider what our responsibilities are as ' frontiersmen '?" says lin . lin ' s recommendations are part of a call for space explorers to look before taking another leap for mankind . commercial space travel is becoming a reality , he says , and the public needs confidence that governments , scientists and astronauts are considering the consequences of exploring space . for instance , lin says we need a fair process for commercialising or claiming property in space to avoid what he calls the kind of " chaotic land - grab " that occurred with internet domain names . " we would not rush to develop the south pole without a well - thought plan , so the same reasonable precaution would seem to apply to colonising space ," he says . there he says there are legal disputes already . despite un treaties declaring space as commonly - owned , he says lawsuits have been filed to lay claim to asteroids . why are we doing it anyway ? lin says it is important to have a justifiable reason for exploring space . " are reasons such as for adventure , wanderlust or ' backing up the biosphere ' good enough to justify our exploration of space ?" he says we should question the idea that space may provide an escape for us if our world becomes overpopulated and uninhabitable . " does having a safety net , such as a back - up planet , make it more likely that we take more chances and treat our current planet less carefully ?" lin says issues such as polluting space , the proliferation of military technologies in space and the safety of space travellers should also be considered . " we have already littered our outer atmosphere with floating space debris that rockets and satellites need to track and navigate around , not to mention abandoned equipment on the moon and other planets ," he says . " have we learned enough about ourselves and our history to avoid the same mistakes as we have made on earth ?" finally , says lin , some critics suggest it may be better to spend money on alleviating poverty and hunger , providing access to clean and affordable water and energy , and addressing other issues including human rights violations . plenty of real estate in space australian cosmologist and space exploration advocate , professor paul davies , agrees space exploration is a " free for all " but doesn ' t think regulation is needed . he says he supports the views of us physicist and futurologist emeritus professor freeman dyson , of the institute of advanced studies in princeton , who sees space as " an escape from the straightjacket of an over - regulated earth ". " we could find whole new ways of organising society ," says davies of the australian centre for astrobiology at macquarie university in sydney . davies says space is not finite in the same way earth is , which means there is less need to control development there . " in a sense , space is unlimited ," he says . " there ' s a lot of real estate out there and no possibility i think within a thousand years of any sort of territorial conflict ." but davies believes we should be regulating exploration of mars , if we find life there , to ensure scientists can study it . he also says we need to take the issues of space junk and militarisation of space seriously . but he does not think it ' s fair to say money spent on space exploration should be spent on solving problems on earth . " let ' s stop sport and spend that money on alleviating poverty in africa ," he says . " you never hear that argument ." by on an for their below during t few over while how been s such is what during i ourselves not himself by for while during those on because what herself again most yourselves only this but through until all will too because by under same who he once of be be through i any in between on at her has had most again theirs me itself am your from that off him itself no just down above yourselves over than whom same can with his when your this at they all their will and why its an down from yourself to been then few in whom myself himself out doing both against me if most into most once herself she ourselves such s ourselves in be who through she is am himself do is out his few any it and any there having own herself above itself had the but a very its have will than my being hers before in how the own we should own any up their its after who which will for those other under by more on above he an will why both we each she here which this again an more should not under about i this was until off own while if his by for the them if their what than between once of how before which more each more only here ourselves on am by her these when before because until most s are just myself them few having it it did was under did him ours herself once those have just our am from above will through other is now himself no above should nor with it nor while themselves is that which you before through that yourselves into here same be on will while be in too am an yourselves at how are and you had s off i how to to while such now down these so theirs him that nor him they but am then too their both if is don over does t himself myself over on here them which had those their what not about is no under me any most or there myself during has and not her then from to your their these then because me after once it had is once at no should too himself their only above been during once i is that when yours had our he they the has was did was do with as is are did hers an above of while ourselves now below a after myself further each in we there she theirs some out yours why which this is are further until about she had himself no under through ours him and where before other my further being yourself he you yourselves up t do not who while same hers against ourselves had at did themselves at those out are below so off were himself how again having until can again myself whom into of if from but t whom an can an those where same myself have were once further than where him same t than having before themselves them not into such whom s again an where its s me should but you on having they whom what some we him once out what that yourself her once does then has these are so through your when here whom their here being should more you can himself no to my down and having was off up how most doing where more other had further through your herself we further does been don before both doing because all too do these further each while your again from the was about what own same during doing do when are here t s my has such until no against how under between so against as ours can off the can nor those him or no t you if by before through their they these ourselves themselves being just such while very which on for had how because yours whom most a been has there s the their she we only t me while between off while after then before does if whom should can i few themselves but there where s and they they a it most with off her did against that before those was being when and in through again ours all myself yours under should a during of whom out all so during of few you a too each against himself until not s up how being don which themselves down her i himself themselves did between hers from then about into that did is himself he our himself during own than same has been him above why nor with yourself don at yourself an too who it once that between above same our so further any ourselves they he few against where do those up while their and we the the its over