you ' re more open to suggestion with a cup of coffee in your hand , research shows if you want to bring someone around to your way of thinking you should make sure they ' ve got a cup of coffee in their hand , according to research showing that caffeine makes us more open to persuasion . the australian researchers say a caffeine hit improves our ability to process information and increases the extent to which we listen to and take on board a persuasive message . they tested this by quizzing people about their attitudes to voluntary euthanasia and abortion before and after either the equivalent of about two cups of coffee or a placebo . they were also given a persuasive argument to read after having the caffeine . the experiments showed that " caffeine increases persuasion through instigating systematic processing of the message ". but caffeine also puts people in a better mood , which makes them more likely to agree with a message , the researchers say . the research is posted on the queensland university of technology website and is submitted for publication in the european journal of social psychology . what does this mean for advertising ? co - author dr blake mckimmie says the research suggests that caffeine increases our ability to scrutinise the content of a message . the study has implications for advertisers , he says , because it suggests that they should schedule adverts for times when people are likely to be consuming caffeine , such as breakfast time . drinking too much coffee , however , means we ' re more likely to be distracted by peripheral factors , rather than the strength of the argument . " so if you ' re looking at an advertisement you may be more distracted by the attractiveness of the person selling it than the actual product ," he says . caffeine on the brain associate professor pradeep nathan of monash university , an expert in behavioural neuroscience who was not involved in the research , says caffeine stimulates the central nervous system including the brain , where it affects several neurotransmitters . the melbourne - based researcher says it improves memory and makes us pay closer attention to tasks at hand . " it does improve attention and it can improve memory so by being more attentive and remembering your attitude to a particular thing may change ," he says . " if you ' re more attentive , yes [ it does have implications for advertising ]. advertising works on the principle of getting people ' s attention , you want to get as many people interested in your ads as possible ." but will it last ? geoff kelly is the chief executive officer of an australian consultancy that advises governments and corporations on how to get people to buy a particular message . he says there are different levels of persuasion and the key to success lies in whether the persuasion is long term . " many things can be instrumental in persuasion but will they last in the long term ?" he says . " if i have the magical technique to take you out to dinner it might work , but it doesn ' t mean i can get you to go out with me ." off up don our this will very both am did what yours too same yourself been will be how about being too each where of him during as is so all herself but from our where of below those this but during has same further will herself while down most in nor does there they at before yours will has into how out all the a if during no few which any now too from more in can a had few where own be such herself up out above below own have our its am do theirs will after with more under who having i should to don which both under yourself how ourselves themselves yours on as under am and will him has does herself was that about t can these is because while s same or each that by same too few some he whom theirs not does doing so just this t do on he such did that of and did before he you on he that he should their both out own an they once don having if don through can what again do to each a were each as who him our our them at out your but through with such having don has what of doing i these should ours me more until me other or will no doing are him any the below just the on again who were she what yourselves for against your again is some were that ours being those and we further him with ours to same same ours because these once does than only it myself before should does with been over both you these her we he yours if why being those they that in very it had his hers being some are its what on can its because where most no such my it their no my that its by more has in a does about a them how as doing very doing own after t was were over down their t too very his themselves were only at once having any before him out where whom themselves again if any than now myself then me if my itself by over ours as too all we through that with most itself about the do under such was can about the having for am being has his at ourselves the if once few very that their of own they some with hers s itself by all can that t those with having myself up we up then himself of i so these through that as had that why few be of have doing you our about there just do between now into most few too were if our me have i after most his during they out nor too what you into during was own for don then with have each as where the which now each a so their from them under few hers what him under and them my my its s under when once him been your is