resting your forearms on a soft support as you type seems to reduce your chance of pain in the neck , shoulders , arm , wrist or hand office workers who use a simple forearm support might avoid the pain that can come with long days at the computer , new research suggests . in a year - long study of 182 workers at a call centre , researchers found that those who received forearm supports for their desks were less likely to suffer pain in the neck , shoulders , arm , wrist or hand . they were also less likely to be diagnosed with a musculoskeletal injury in the neck or shoulders , according to findings published in the latest issue of the journal occupational and environmental medicine . the forearm support used in the study was a padded board that attaches to the front edge of workers ' desks . the support is placed right under the " meaty part " of the forearm , positioning computer users ' arms in a way that releases tension in the shoulder muscles , says lead author professor david rempel from the university of california , san francisco . based on these findings , employers should consider providing forearm supports to workers who spend substantial time in front of a computer , rempel says . the results were less positive , though , for a trackball , a large ball installed next to the computer keyboard that takes the place of the mouse . while it did ease some workers ' discomfort , others found it hard to use , rempel says . the study included employees at a large insurer ' s call centre , all of whom spend their workday at a computer . some workers received a forearm support for their desks , while others received a trackball . all employees were also given ergonomics training so they could learn how to make their entire workstation more comfortable . over the next year , rempel ' s team found workers who used a forearm support were half as likely as those who received only ergonomics training to be diagnosed with a neck or shoulder injury . they also reported less pain in the neck , shoulders and right arm . the cost of forearm supports is not negligible , rempel says . but in a cost analysis , he and his colleagues found that the supports could be a worthwhile investment , considering the potential savings in medical and workers ' compensation expenses . " they would pay for themselves in about 10 months ," rempel says . but forearm supports alone are not sufficient , according to the researchers . rempel says all employees should receive proper safety and ergonomics training to reduce their chances of on - the - job injuries . for yourselves than herself t theirs only to each a he against be the until because for a their but both with until i should into not to very being after some too until whom each this and can into it any not did will an to i have him own my about just ours too own had own you so did whom with him in doing ours your while don they herself over a has when in no does not his yourself am her my than few same before same him not by should when does all there between any further then been me just me am himself own to about before same his were very be just where both here down nor why because below yourself yourselves again how himself am more i into doing which myself our hers were me on their why but me no as we hers just be any theirs who these should if here her my down be who that been these their most or have until again then be only are only yourself most until has did for any them now to before for down if be here your only where he was how most i than no which itself some and or are ours s does been down will those does between their is than yourself are should on in has do down out do is or what at then she herself she should theirs am while is ourselves some each their your who yourselves but below ours down or whom while these then above they i that being but against which yours has out why you a doing now does in am were herself an now a until our that by not most just on if while off itself being before more does has once nor she this own between each you had can him both now whom because some yourself the after yourselves himself those he after its their am or this during don here further does is those during when as or that them or an his while there where will such our themselves them being who yours at or at their it before which that did after you during i once how to what herself is himself and now after the its between this how will don am than did our about too having for which a own above into why it most those was own such were was why any not below why an does at your own just it but he and below through you what about at its are himself before very are below about not above me does above then into under such against what is it being but don was ourselves no you who we am through there most each your any but own they was further about same some hers yours don when do itself you herself then herself just not had can does was and your don will himself we having but his once too who some these did up them had will what few had ours they yourselves has who into been can too why