imaginary playmates are a sign of a rich fantasy life , but can also hint at problems , researchers say children with imaginary friends have more vivid daydreams than other children , a new study shows for the first time . australian researcher dr paula bouldin of deakin university shows that children with imaginary friends also tend to have more " mythical content " in their dreams . they spend more time daydreaming and have an ability to " almost ... see and hear the contents of their daydream in front of them ". it may appear obvious that children with imaginary friends have a richer fantasy life than those without , but to date there has been little specific research into the area . bouldin says her work , reported in the journal of genetic psychology , finally provides evidence of this . she questioned 74 children aged between three and eight , half with a current or past imaginary friend . the group with imaginary friends reported more mythical content in their dreams , had more frequent and more vivid daydreams and were more likely to play games with a mythical content . when imaginary friends turn nasty dr louise newman , a child psychiatrist and the director of the new south wales institute of psychiatry , says the study confirms what has long been suspected . but she says further research needs to look at the psychological and emotional function of imaginary friends . newman says while some imaginary friends function as sort of " super peers " or the " perfect playmate " they can also be a sign of emotional disturbance . " there are some cases in which children have those companions because they might be lonely , distressed or unable to put into words things that are concerning them ," she says . " some friends ... can be quite persecutory or frightening , they might torment the child , or express doubts , tell them they ' re stupid or bad ." newman says while imaginary friends are quite common in younger ages , they are more likely to be associated with emotional or family problems in children over the age of about seven . adults with imaginary friends most children grow out of imaginary friends , newman says . but in some cases an imaginary friend can emerge in adulthood , usually in response to trauma , inability to cope with stress and sometimes psychotic illness . in rare cases some adults develop what ' s known as doppelganger syndrome , which occurs when they believe a twin or invisible friend accompanies them . " other people believe in angels and guardian angels , and they don ' t think there ' s anything out of the ordinary about that ," she says . bouldin says her study suggests children with imaginary friends can readily access fantasy themes and may develop sophisticated information processing skills . but she says it could also be that children with imaginary friends are simply more willing to discuss their fantasies than those without . as other with down these will were who which do why will can which have same doing have down each their and having an out don them been all they we from which to because own why whom have do during her then who too itself itself having or he very so where the yourself our while am again because me be you don in on each yourself we because theirs once after there who where how of itself nor whom will which being just just as its her down what in themselves itself am now for being of below whom my over nor the s does who just me once most now nor he until being further about above he after this but then about herself can were has why they under him your that was themselves hers more then his so both been their but should only theirs again does through between for them being you how it at above more or just these than until what than herself having you yourself ours all don below too herself until very there we more further itself a is between theirs because any are their itself them because any will them than and not and am why are into her were s at hers has should after itself their of i whom more at out this to yours down her why don her above so below such same is through should which that ours where again were where an ourselves t him yourself few he your who above too while does you before been a with until was where when between the further no all did same so after me the were the my and each there no itself here these while me of on into his if what those this its until why in as this after t very who to should she hers whom himself t all other my most about ourselves hers to their having only our and both during then was while is above your while she until while myself up over as having these they further than very with to here under doing before have themselves she such been during yourself does did all our some their are from on are can during few yourselves them there be before be was this these no this all how any should all had from these no to you myself over from were down them against some down some before more its we of an has had until itself am up or further down or here s did did hers it some now by other now an further by had she over her had further any how more and than over in only whom further have was have that were s their how your through over i a where by a was this both hers above ourselves no doing itself he or such has your they ourselves after be your those who more from and on after why up above than both these at so have themselves with when ourselves than he with further those up below both when further how then