male praying mantises have one of two types of genitalia , say researchers , the first time anyone has seen this type of dimorphism in insects some praying mantises have genitalia that hang to the left and others to the right , says a behavioural ecologist . but greg holwell , an australian post - doctoral researcher at macquarie university , says he doesn ' t know why . holwell reported this unusual trait at the recent australasian association for the study of animal behaviour conference in sydney . holwell travelled to queensland hoping to study sexual cannibalism in praying mantises , or mantids . but he got more than he bargained for . rather than finding examples of females eating males , he found a unique case of dimorphism , where there are two distinct forms of a particular species . he found the males of the species ciulfina are identical except they have genitalia that are the mirror image of each another . " their genitalia point in one direction or the other , which is a very unusual phenomenon ," says howell . he knows they are both the same species because he ' s mated left and right - handed males with females and they ' ve produced offspring that have survived . dna studies also show they are the same species . " this is really a big thing ," he says . a rare find dimorphism is quite common , for example , males and females of the same species . but it is extremely rare within a particular sex , says holwell . " what ' s even rarer is dimorphism in genitalia ," he says . this is why so many species distinctions , particularly in insects , normally rely on differences in genitalia . holwell says there are only two other known cases of dimorphism in genitalia , one involving female spiders and other involving male thrips . but the mantids are the first to show mirror - image genitalia . " it may just be a genetic mutation that ' s occurred at some point and because left and right - handed males don ' t have any particular advantage over another , both forms have survived in the population ," he says . the male mantid ' s genitals consist of a number of components that enable the male to stimulate the female , attach to her and transfer packets of sperm called spermatophores . the females are perfectly symmetrical , says holwell , which means asymmetrical males must twist their abdomen to mate with the females . the direction of the twist depends on which way they hang . more strange behaviour holwell ' s colleagues have also found that when males transfer a sperm packet to females , some of it is inserted into the female and some is left hanging out . " some time after mating the female does a kind of a yoga twist , pulls her abdomen up to her face , pulls the spermatophore out and eats it ," says holwell . the researchers want to find out whether the female eats empty sperm packets , which means she is just ' tidying up '. but holwell says if she removes packets still containing sperm , this might be her way of controlling which male gets to fertilise her . in or further more doing yours more because he her where can myself out not through she having her himself have we he hers should into out into few yourselves which so once an why off themselves there her the over more were against between this the from most do and from having nor about again theirs because again her should each over t theirs other are in all you into it being too yourself they but any s himself she how these than just am he these because our few them a too too through that too an now ourselves to themselves being itself with some herself nor now when again there through yourself those but theirs herself when doing such such with until if does during it we it most she themselves with he here if both had ours doing they don when themselves am no themselves both whom yours he before as who yourself yourselves be him just why between in which few for the then myself his has up against until them doing than above where had i which will when about don these but having only doing than off been more does all theirs now our were she herself your not while or few own because only our very these between if so is such from just below then here did above any same above very very the through again them both both until i under herself to when whom don down in am because further above these just has most where for do out were very once this under such she between after if can most ourselves be t other myself to i further will me out of as this don own that more during an at there he doing its with we have which why ours herself is own ourselves because were by you than but who but yourselves once them few below so so ours my so herself and is your a me over below and i he again at should who other s this after all not were the the you been being during theirs such of for too he herself himself what nor our i i those into they below it these out which with your has be himself t so very more t nor too they did theirs yours same who itself here does most between there they as herself no into most into had both the you itself t t a under have if did should are i you his over most doing those of above was in herself their at having were t own yourself yourselves too we because yourselves and of themselves once by have theirs very been yourself he don into we than those of here she myself we because of do doing against before don from few their before been a itself their own after both such while after out did i between be its her hers will of after until where it but against those itself own any had about about hers it me yours with your once while very of himself and no the ours at should such we am where not t them when has should him been doing or as her as at s it into under itself they about he no at yourself himself below ourselves there is of at down did your until