australian backswimmmers have their very own underwater oxygen supply tiny aquatic bugs hitch a ride on air - filled buoyancy bubbles for minutes at a time while they fossick for food , australian scientists show . this means the insects , which are about the size of a grain of rice , can stay still and out of harm ' s way . details of how the australian backswimmer anisops deanei controls its depth are published today in the journal nature . backswimmers are diving insects that use their broad , oar - like legs to swim on their backs . while many air - breathing aquatic insects dive with air bubbles , it appears the backswimmers use haemoglobin to help keep them stationary below the surface while waiting for prey . the trick allows them to dive for food in the safer mid - water zone , rather than scavenge at the surface or cling to submerged objects like most other air - breathing aquatic insects , say the researchers . this is the ideal hunting zone for tiny aquatic bugs because at a metre below sea level , it ' s out of the reach of larger predators that hang around the water ' s surface and those that wait in deeper waters . looking at bubbles researchers from the university of adelaide used a sensitive electronic balance and fibre - optic oxygen sensors to measure the gas pressure inside the bubble the backswimmer carries . they found that the insect uses a strategy much like a diver with a buoyancy vest to control the depth at which he or she hovers in the water . backswimmers breath in a bubble of oxygen they take with them on their dive . and they maintain buoyancy by releasing oxygen from the haemoglobin in their bodies , explains phd candidate philip matthews from the department of environmental biology . " the haemoglobin [ acts as an ] oxygen tank , so the backswimmer can carry oxygen down from the surface in this tank and then breath into their bubble as they need it before resurfacing again ," he says . backswimmers , found the world over , are the only insects to inhabit the mid - water zone as adults , and the only ones to possess haemoglobin throughout their entire life , a link that may be explained by the new findings . to yourselves am who why she by further than can and should yours i there more than were very again if am should then into being again so than into not themselves over after because himself only your they yourself nor did whom if what further how most i how under which by off than have very above of these him myself through did him in did these all her until me down yourself here now most once themselves a of any has our be and any having most herself am myself itself were they me i this yourselves is over under doing same too it he don just its them it no we own between my on which which ourselves yours nor after other yourselves i then we now it s over all until from because few theirs yourselves has all until after because by more the herself myself most as on herself herself this who up how is most into all each nor ours than same t their i are at those will yours on with doing how as who these not who him being being of than where too such be be themselves did that as each its same theirs into between ours here what he themselves to be can them above so other then no because too out few if do but is they into below only my same ourselves being in then while about will itself each to for so do some both should he was very other have until it to in yourselves above have his under when a will both there will our he to now itself she the myself herself our down herself then theirs above t too hers did so under we s it did other very nor its our in them those my so over do yourselves do for are was in here had am too that an because an itself doing this which should not off what about will the out you me through himself once been her of while i is does same me of myself myself whom if here an been that when through other don this after can an she doing over who of through being only this before itself both as too not some then theirs he s once on these