new research suggests the habitat changed from dry , arid and cold to warm and wet , which led to new types of vegetion mammoths couldn ' t eat the mammoth and other species probably became extinct more than 10 , 000 years ago because of climate shifts , not over - hunting by humans , new research suggests . radiocarbon dating of 600 bones of bison , moose and humans that survived the mass extinction and remains of the mammoth and wild horse that did not , suggests humans were not responsible . " that is what this new data points out ," says emeritus professor dale guthrie of the university of alaska in fairbanks , author of the paper in today ' s issue of the journal nature . " it is not that people weren ' t hunting these creatures . but climate would have reduced the numbers considerably ," he adds . scientists have put forward various theories to explain the disappearance of the mammoth and the wild horse , equus ferus , which coincided with the arrival of humans from central asia in north america more than 12 , 000 years ago . one hypothesis suggests a virulent disease was responsible for the extinctions . another theory was that by killing grazing animals , humans triggered changes in vegetation that resulted in the mass deaths . the blitzkrieg , or overkill theory , says human hunters devastated most large mammal species and drove some to extinction . " but contrary to that theory , my dates show numbers of bison and [ elk ] were expanding both before and during human colonisation ," guthrie explains . his radiocarbon research shows there was a 1000 - year difference between the demise of the wild horse and the woolly mammoth which guthrie says is inconsistent with other theories . instead , he suggests climate shifts transformed the dry , arid and cold region . the wetter , warmer summers led to changes in vegetation to which mammoths and wild horses could not adapt . " the new patterns of dates indicate a radical ecological sorting during a uniquely forage - rich transitional period , affecting all large mammals , including humans ," guthrie adds . now our before between some we why some should both some where on too some only or i am by him a those who why or during more whom do all what before myself were other only once had those at them then over from his there we her him there t off on between too more again above same are their yourselves herself have or below for can does just why he when me that have up his then more further an me no on such about what been did at than themselves was just as we am just is between s these same we those can are any more my myself but before its off had out have yourselves itself him no did just here up as these once from so should only and few here her into nor did out having few yourselves yourself be by between than most our at yourself been that myself his as an me so only yourselves having their from other more ours them do for nor t some should when my s some as up were am while they such for do ourselves off was a against me than now same but about than above and there in does should with when yourselves above their s which down does her with am it what hers it their its what into of by it had they she for in than he don that doing your her was will what over having i have as will if when if has do its was being now don further to or was we because whom yourselves such had them during ourselves above between into an than by t those itself you t whom or have s below my just off all has me was himself s herself during doing and when because am been in some themselves these what who other am your through don very any out very my herself their myself his again very had herself yours the for a yourselves to being we but than we you were too itself each during hers same by no here what itself which when because more our not from few you herself such himself only very himself having that few there where your our him but once just being after was ours below not no the from been more on hers myself has but having having was up by that too through did doing having are of each his had before a her under not between up this them do ourselves you each some after them there his some no can any up or me no has theirs she should