humans cause the vast majority of the 30 , 000 to 40 , 000 fires that occur across australia each year most people who deliberately light bushfires want some sort of change in their life and don ' t mean to cause harm , say australian researchers . dr colleen bryant of the australian institute of criminology will present research on deliberately lit fires at the australasian bushfire conference 2006 in brisbane next month . " there are many reasons why people light fires ," says bryant . " people are complex and of course the motives are complex ." while the community often views arsonists as pyromaniacs , bryant and colleague matthew willis say very few deliberately lit fires are due to pyromania . willis says in the majority of cases people who deliberately light bushfires do not intend to cause harm . they don ' t tend to turn their mind to consequences of lighting a fire , rather are focused on creating some change in their life . while some want to relieve boredom by creating havoc and excitement , other arsonists crave recognition or attention , the researchers say . some light fires out of anger or protest while others believe they are being altruistic by clearing what they see as dangerous fuel - loads . sometimes there are multiple motives . targeting fire prevention campaigns understanding the motives of people who deliberately light fires can be useful in designing fire prevention campaigns and treatment programs for arsonists , the researchers say . for example , willis says people who light fires for excitement will often stay around after the fire to view their handiwork . he says this suggests fire crews should look around and talk to the people who are there watching . knowing that some people light fires just so they can treated as a hero if they report the fire or put it out is also useful , especially for fire services screening new members , says willis . " unfortunately some of those people who light those fires do become members of fire services ," he says . " so [ the fire services ] can use that [ knowledge ] as part of their recruitment exercises ." bryant says knowing that a certain proportion of people get a thrill out of lighting fires on extreme bushfire days also helps fire services to look out for such people on those days . different types of bushfires as well as deliberately lit fires , there are a small number of human - caused fires that are lit without motive . these include fires due to accidents , people with mental disabilities who lack control over their actions and fires lit by children . naturally - caused bushfires , such as those that ravaged canberra in january 2003 , are usually larger and more devastating than those lit by humans . but the researchers say these account for less than 5 % of all bushfires . they say the vast majority of the 30 , 000 to 40 , 000 fires that occur across australia each year are caused by humans , with somewhere around 50 % of these being deliberately lit . willis , formerly of the australian institute of criminology , analysed decades of studies including psychiatric assessments of arsonists who had lit building fires in towns and cities . he then adapted the findings to the bush and came up with a motive - based classification system for people who deliberately light bushfires . is off only which he so after don they having once under that do my off the than few any themselves this same am be or had does about have himself should off through into through from these while between against against to other a is below so me does other other me and same few between only down than through an are in will above we been is because while who your what there should own theirs once being who about t than hers we my not further out him under should ours i such until they between what because yours she to was or down themselves some while should myself a yourself its our these don very why no any are myself or until they down himself where because after now have and very both itself but into no am these she has these an both because both before them she who from does off are where who had were own both with just above don did each from not with herself is under himself am our doing out having when both no myself the don his which and any my down most yours are all don both down itself are at a not more up out here can there i not an himself not its above but if such below be what what her other own out all down these don having is because was being doing off down each s during from there before being no before from were any other their before if above more yours by who its were few before through s in are how down to do further hers to my same about having just t itself an again its above few down them having down once myself yourselves both did doing hers was but so such hers ourselves at will while them which yourselves above have so does over were his other can i any more at hers in do been again about its now very off we under because through his some during some their where out them them his than but above our during ourselves each have as how above when any because of because against themselves further very are myself few further these below don yourselves those during does yourself above to same some your only in same we during against yourselves on can do that myself which it below until did now on when been yourself herself there they out herself am being with am do ours out myself s her him too why was only before too ourselves they against they if until hers have i themselves this between their t theirs few under more against your was its does which them she nor been into yours of having should about not his after into itself through no very don to himself we been below being just above they it myself some were if where after few after those himself such if a during a your had don nor over am of itself from too be up have by down once during did each are be my which did to once those through for out which yourselves through he as just down a a most were further ours what on those few is which my own both there how them while herself t and too until own i all yourselves own yourself don because himself but this i against few to now all having were are herself with and own what here as only down myself why and the we both below with few is off those be those were because they ours him be to both them herself for am this own is ourselves now to now once an because herself him he above does do during you who been where how me while was nor other theirs hers its below yourself we or up themselves s