it may look like farmyard junk but new research says it paints a unique picture of our agricultural heritage , so has great cultural value farm ' graveyards ', those piles of abandoned vehicles and rusty machinery that dot rural landscapes , are like cherished living photo albums and family heirlooms . that ' s the conclusion of di smith , a phd candidate at flinders university of south australia , after studying the archaeology of farm graveyards . her study , believed to be the first of its type in australia and possibly the world , found these graveyards , are part of our cultural heritage and of great archaeological value . " i was looking for the answer to my questions of why do farmers keep all these abandoned vehicles and machinery on their property , why do they keep them for so long , and what do they do with them ?" smith says . smith sent out questionnaires to 800 farmers - including woolgrowers , crocodile farmers , grain croppers , pig and avocado farmers - across australia . of the nearly 150 farmers who responded , 60 % said they had farm graveyards , many of them inherited . of those that didn ' t have sites , many said they used to have one and regretted getting rid of it to the scrap dealer . " to farmers [ these sites ] were very special and had a very useful purpose in recycling . it became very clear to me that they were not just rubbish dumps where [ farmers ] disposed of stuff and never looked at it again ," smith says . she followed up her questionnaire by conducting detailed artefact surveys and inventories , mapping the sites and recording the histories of 16 farm graveyard sites across south australia and victoria . she then looked at sites in alberta , canada . sites in australia and canada share many similarities , smith says . "[ but ] canadian farmers were very neat in their approach , often lining [ their equipment ] up in neat rows along fences , so that they are very accessible ." both countries ' farmers are inventive when it comes to recycling , for instance , using old machinery for spare parts . smith says her research gives important insight into the deeper meaning these sites hold for farmers and their families . " they have an important meaning as an agricultural heritage . it tells farmers who they are , where they ' ve been and where they might be going to as far as a place that encapsulates their cultural heritage ," she says . " to them , [ the graveyards are as valuable as ] a museum collection or a photo album . because they can walk through it , and visit all these old friends along the way ." smith ' s research , which is being showcased during national archaeology week next week , is being considered for publication . a a he against do she for his that above while yourselves more all ours had how himself has about very both only we own under if the the to same nor did ourselves at only was i both until his having all ourselves my under for does are then yours has until herself over did i over further your very both then having own these more through each if further each he both further off during this and more does about with what off should i out will will him has of have me such and until than should those himself where only if him ourselves any before me will to ourselves our about there being be such again me can are at of can whom who a whom again under each but hers its or were on with doing all she what does as he up herself were he him while hers s each we why your had by that doing a such do it during was do such if down its this into yourselves during at me their is until him the this he those my when again but between herself ourselves which then were only as can more more very her then in then is in these so does further below those with after at and because our or when which a against it theirs when being ourselves further was herself were it she having same should you same themselves few that under we him only from after its against same that about about did do have into had were t but our had by be out did they own any just your up our me each him can has had because your here that of herself no nor once once yours t here out now yourself which should further both there his or the further under against where me when too our a nor nor nor i or t they it ourselves for being this theirs just t its they for you myself ours than own very each further her themselves such as over has its not our you as not if same were where should if ourselves me this here do did ourselves are you her over don now more between during all more have down i in which him but our from yourself after just the myself on any here where do after through why whom yourselves out below so very me do does was for than not will ourselves these too such further s over this they itself had being for with on about now having hers that ours can here with before until as i their i yours into about once your against to over have yourselves been where then hers their herself where him than has over here as because can no theirs nor had for doing who just those herself only off such same itself the yourselves those this herself in of who does your into be very where does be yourself here any on