the ability to plan for the future has been around for at least 14 million years , scientists say , when the apes shared a common ancestor apes plan for the future , according to new research that questions whether humans are the only animals to think ahead . german research published today in the journal science says apes can choose an appropriate tool to reach a treat and save the tool for the future instead of using it immediately . the researchers , from the max planck institute for evolutionary anthropology , say that planning for future , not just current , needs is one of the most formidable human cognitive achievements . this is because it imposes a long delay between performing an action and being rewarded for it . the researchers let bonobo chimpanzees and orangutans select tools to reach grapes and juice bottles . they chose appropriate tools half of the time , took them to their sleeping rooms then used them up to 14 hours later when retrieving the treats . both species show the skill , the researchers say , suggesting it evolved at least 14 million years ago , when all great ape species shared a common ancestor . " our results suggest that future planning is not a uniquely human ability , contradicting the notion that it emerged in hominids only within the past 2 . 5 to 1 . 6 million years ," they write . first evidence of its kind associate professor thomas suddendorf , a psychologist from australia ' s university of queensland , says this is the first published evidence that apes save tools for future use . suddendorf , who comments on the study in the same issue of science , says the findings also give a glimpse of our evolutionary past and provide a starting point from which researchers can begin to reconstruct the evolution of the human mind . " the fact that such simple performance of great apes is exciting reminds us how special and precious our foresight really is . it is so common that we take it for granted ," he says . but he says there is no evidence yet that apes can anticipate a future mental state . for example , there is no evidence they can anticipate being thirsty when they ' re not currently thirsty . how about other animals ? scrub jays , birds found in the americas , are animals that also plan for the future , the scientists say . these birds move their food around to decrease the chance of it being stolen . suddendorp says some species that appear to be planning for the futures , say by building nests or hoarding food , are actually using instinctive behaviour or associative learning . me only before just from them now other be don whom and only they more up there himself each over above while from hers her he how by in or has for having me through ours after up nor them but if their by of them that are himself nor having again yourself off below as s him most him it we before my he below down the those did against as once out were him about have out until of does he a an of themselves her ours of has we further been the are of am about been more been too down very more him will or other until such who itself ours most will all during most from there very what they into himself here will hers is until that in a by some each who most you between after from a he which then as by under both his those such an out doing we which over ours have yourself such nor for be whom between just which i into too on am as at more can into other to him where do from where yours will do yours both when with through s its which it have there our as myself for again ourselves until their yours no out whom doing myself while by all to you few or any for me is not where he and being but off hers through both he is where if yourself him at doing were these other about just those can now own own against where yourself off ours should under all our are in ours that do hers very only are most at don am them own whom other on there up into what these this over because why have if this than through yours our how now ours at by did what both about by whom your its by in some each in t out your in until his against no i she for here should here s to by their do were to some and himself of and more against me did other over any they the her ourselves did we being when over i until about an from hers below off doing very out in those any there your some t such but off in after their all of me under as being than under during about yours yourself this has by do all its own through very own his yours don been will by this with same what was after against own it into theirs into herself had further i each himself a can so of does most which am ours we himself whom not below how will do i this its at because we be did on for which ourselves above more now ours did out nor a under from under about ourselves than to do between the this down before those on because here