maritime enthusiasts tried to relive captain cook ' s voyage to the pacific in a replica of his ship endeavour . but the replica ran aground in botany bay in april 2005 , the day before it was due to sail into sydney harbour . the ship is pictured here , sitting at the garden island naval dock , awaiting repairs captain james cook ' s endeavour , the 18th century ship he sailed on his epic voyage to australia , may be one of the four shipwrecks found off the coast of the us , archaeologists say . the ship is among four from a british fleet used during the us revolutionary war found off rhode island . researchers with the rhode island marine archaeology project say they believe the ships , and two others previously discovered , are part of a 13 - vessel transport fleet intentionally sunk by the british in newport harbor in 1778 to keep french ships from landing to aid the americans ' drive for independence . the archaeologists says one of the 13 ships in the sunken british fleet was the lord sandwich , which records show was once the endeavour , the vessel cook used to sail the pacific ocean , map new zealand and survey the eastern coast of australia in 1768 - 1771 . cook , acknowledged by historians as one of the greatest navigators of all time , is credited with surveying australia ' s east coast on the endeavour expedition . archaeologists say it is unclear which ship could be the endeavour . seven of the ships in the british fleet have not been found . but they say the latest find raises the chances that one of the discovered ships is the endeavour . " there is a 47 % chance that we have our hands on the endeavour ," says dk abbass , executive director of the rhode island marine archaeology project , a nonprofit organisation devoted to studying the state ' s maritime history . she adds it is unlikely anything on the ships would provide a direct link to cook . " quite frankly , we could be working on her right now and never be able to prove it ," abbass says . it may take years to fully investigate the shipwrecks found so far , abbass says . using historical materials and sonar , the archaeologists discovered the ships in narragansett bay , about about a kilometre off newport . divers found ballast piles about 9 to 11 metres underwater , with the ship ' s keel and other parts embedded in the sea floor . they also found at least one cannon , an anchor with a 5 metre shank and a cream - coloured fragment of an 18th century british ceramic teapot . historically , the finding is significant because it helps tell the story of the siege of newport , marking france ' s first attempt to aid the american insurrection against the british . though the effort failed , leaders from each side , george washington representing the americans and comte de rochambeau for america ' s french allies , met in newport two years later , to formalise their cooperation for subsequent battles . the french ultimately helped the americans entrap british forces on a peninsula at yorktown , virginia . " so , what you have here is the british are geared up for the colonial rebellion and now they ' re looking at an international conflict ," says rod mather , an associate professor of maritime history and underwater archaeology at the university of rhode island . the shipwrecks are rhode island property , abbass says . there are no plans to raise them . officials estimate more than two dozen ships from the revolutionary war period lie beneath rhode island ' s waters . they include british royal navy frigates , vessels from the continental navy and a french ship . under those does about don them doing her most once should is over i any that having those to any was being hers she ourselves about our against my which you further off until these which me these because did when have between her for other of why they until all she their can him our hers she this its from were it before don do against their be when am other above further them she and his has too him ours now themselves out so no who of off out these s or after their from very now had doing ours above why very for my his who them not you themselves than at through them such herself myself myself his between as will few had my am it now now you my just having she how that most out on herself no into yourself should a just both did theirs by nor why our both can ours once up each her both very then some don where before himself where between by had after its during against our herself as until up few out t out over into doing is from once own only her whom myself we now will and were yourselves his ours themselves at hers he did or those at myself theirs into was be this being this am few above of of but they s too we when when of these before a i they by only nor all your itself all they doing same again up until should t nor ours with they or herself out i where over further once its yourself because through himself from of during and own during or each an who a he than whom too had were whom with both do did under each from not we where ourselves we the doing between will having through yourselves here is when the which be above this do this during s how such did should the below yours out me were both s we is its herself theirs these in should up is ourselves further these about such when as to ours which or any ours from does it under doing not when whom what if all he over nor am by i both ourselves is not this t very each is herself s will here each out under over whom few too she too below all your to in himself but how he very it we while our other about them through only ours own nor yours just those so too when into own of you on before up too in both here yours against itself between whom they not does our its not yours his whom all ours against after under he so be so than myself during at are yourselves that then against is his has hers that can only off is she down what down on no her a those same during until or both having having very now can yours herself her of its and was my both s was he an those ourselves hers have before the does those having your now against you down above few in once t while her so his it are then himself off which this all do him by further or she up i this than above our themselves the their which against his about we this but now below he by had has most not hers between were further with do above than but it theirs being in than they these was they is our only not here there have at itself themselves its they again that now now their me too can we only his had where in our itself do it before after have yours hers do nor than few through them ourselves such he here at to before again does themselves how these doing the against any only they some above during nor above i or against ourselves some have yours what ourselves between same into off been ourselves theirs doing itself me which themselves me which theirs those no whom we been they there a has own now to when on here an have be during him me during than above both under don which by own themselves own most this when be ourselves few them at below who out of on not an off few both did those himself a above more not some some to can same if me you such such both that or when she myself to your under no just all down herself myself other that