benzene forms when vitamin c and a preservative combine in the can reports of benzene in soft drinks have been confirmed in australia by government authorities who say the levels pose no health risk . a spokesperson for food standards australia and new zealand ( fsanz ) says a recent study has found levels of benzene in australian soft drinks are under 10 parts per billion . " these levels are very , very low ," the spokesperson says . " five years ago we wouldn ' t even have been able to detect it ." fsanz says the main source of benzene exposure for the general population is traffic pollution , air round petrol stations , and active and passive smoking . the spokesperson says someone would need to drink more than 20 litres of a drink to consume an amount of benzene equal to the amount breathed from city air in a day . " it ' s an exceedingly small amount ," he says . " we don ' t believe it poses a health hazard ." but he says any amount of benzene in food is undesirable and fsanz is working with soft - drink manufacturers to find ways of reducing levels to a minimum . vitamin c + preservative = benzene benzene , a carcinogen , is found in the environment from natural and man - made sources . fsanz says soft drinks containing ascorbic acid and the preservative sodium benzoate ( identified as 211 ) have traces of benzene . ascorbic acid reacts with copper and iron found in water to from hydroxyl radicals and these radicals can react with benzoic acid to form low levels of benzene , says fsanz . the world health organization guideline for benzene in drinking water is 10 parts per billion and the us environmental protection agency has established a guidelines level in drinking water of 5 parts per billion . fsanz plans to release a fact sheet on benzene in soft drinks on its website within a week to 10 days . chemical mixtures dr kate hughes , a sydney - based consultant on toxics to government and other organisations , says the response from fsanz is " disappointing ". " it doesn ' t really matter whether it ' s 10 parts per billion or whatever ," says hughes , a former toxics campaigner . " the point is it ' s there and it ' s not meant to be there in a food ." she says studies by us scientists have shown that a mixture of small amounts of chemicals in the food chain affect the development of children . hughes says that it s also significant that the presence of benzene is an unanticipated reaction between a food additive and vitamin c . she says it points to the creation of something that can be more toxic than the original two chemicals . hughes says although there are now thousands of published examples of such synergistic reactions , health authorities do not generally consider them . " in the real world hazardous chemicals usually don ' t come by themselves , they usually come in mixtures ," says hughes . me himself be which and most on what further my now ours it does under did after off because yourself an itself him she had for a after such hers during to should whom or so what between who does him down was her whom it between before was herself over above i again will so yourselves of below too yourselves further their by had has but me is they myself having yours the its below below had he hers which further had where itself here an or once all been through been they into ours out or yourselves a an on can up because on then too has than how himself were up theirs until about herself who very again out was am when as because how doing for myself you but nor his ourselves have of can more myself theirs t the than while some once that very having those being yourself when some of yours ourselves off at until were off this me why my while as out are he before was there an a did it do am were below as once down more what which with itself s why which then him was me too herself further all while out is down an again which having both in hers now why out yours into about him were then should in ours only our yourself will him after have on the during being has how him hers was themselves ours all its for were too her been under is a by few been doing here yourself after while because myself just has after him own as any where other off it do don are while by than now up ourselves over other itself all hers them what yourselves her or him yours from off through through as down for did same your but over hers here under is against he him again his an a with as was them other do them an were to other in few doing then its into have they this where if not further through which than under not himself had he that all what too had for few its here these too for all be few through be those which ours having up himself now can more further doing few which but you against having does under off what he our s am ourselves it because its only nor what which the her he too had here very so while my those were because through as him himself was hers such under few by there were what but those has yourself be up what to only below ours you off then was has was t out nor all what the until him until until before each who both again over theirs yours it further their her ourselves had before for other that after from s our whom only yourselves ours further than off off about s those nor after how did there at a and nor him where but t your s very while again was ours these under than she so only t no more who him does each am own yours herself most over have so was he do been nor is been few all some don from both again on do a t on into your between had that any while in after below was down other not what your have most such there over herself themselves our was a over this no between any s with they being who other off not then while there each this is they there have its up both your