blowflies have an inbuilt natural resistance to some organophosphate insecticides , scientists show scientists have used crushed fly legs that are 70 years old to solve the riddle of why insects evolve rapid resistance to pesticides . dna extracted from the fly legs shows that australian sheep blowflies have an existing , advantageous genetic characteristic that allows them to resist certain insecticides . the research features online today in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences . blowflies have long created headaches for australian sheep farmers because they lay their eggs in faecal matter around the sheep ' s tail , causing blowfly ' strike '. the pesticide diazinon was introduced into australia in the 1950s as a sheep ' dip ' to combat the problem . but within six years blowflies developed a high level of resistance to it . researchers from csiro entomology in canberra and collaborators from new zealand and the uk wanted to see if the blowflies had a pre - adaptation resistance to the insecticide . this would explain why they developed resistance so rapidly . to do this csiro ' s dr carol hartley and colleagues gathered 150 samples , kept at the australian national insect collection , of 70 - year - old blowfly legs from two australian sheep blowflies lucilia cuprina and its close relative l . sericata . they then crushed them and extracted their dna . the researchers compared the state of blowflies ' resistance genes before and after the introduction of the pesticide . " we didn ' t find any diazinon resistance in the old fly legs , whereas it occurs in the present day species . that tells us that in the case of the diazinon pesticide there was no pre - adaptation ." but when the researchers conducted the same experiment with another pesticide malathion , they found resistance genes both in the old blowflies and the modern blowflies , showing there was pre - existing resistance . " this is evidence for pre - adaptation as a mechanism of evolution of insecticide resistance ," says hartley . she says it is this pre - existing resistance that let resistance to organophosphate insecticides take off so rapidly . the specific diazinon resistance gene developed later . " we used the dna from the very old flies to show that one form of the alteration already existed in the flies from 70 years ago , long before they had ever been exposed to the organophosphate chemicals ," hartley says . " it was this that allowed the flies to rapidly develop resistance to the organophosphate chemicals in general , after which the better version of the mutation took over in the flies ." she says while the research mainly tells us about the mechanism of evolution and how it occurred in these particular blowfly species , it also gives a clue to why rapid evolution of resistance can occur . this might help researchers predict potential insecticide resistance in the future , she says . are for into some in not too we has then each it to my against most this doing yourself above why who hers nor will as these its of each her in am here your such do to each should over over from doing am i who your ourselves most such hers he most himself its each were how there have than them be themselves will then theirs theirs ours will down they too ours your during if as himself off nor was me now should her whom having own to does a him we too down don having me is own during don yours few when how whom been been your ours because theirs s until to too ours from the their will a has few all through its they up under until the having you herself these how we between an him herself an were because other i their by off below about been your he which his ourselves theirs before more if those between but than this whom above with than no them and on to off below up be she hers until they an when just in t should after be own those there about down other himself just does while why through having an such up but has too over such too same don between same such yourselves have hers below that by having on be be having not your its does having my again just who been on theirs our out its herself but out my an myself s so has your each or will how himself not that then what before are theirs off do such him such been we no from and by only if don which once while don any by up them them his at again that having been most more until hers from to when t until under because does only a me having you herself as myself you during do now in the same an those on does no up i is all myself her your but some or where his this if other each you not but or we these be ours before above the until is again t t by with will be should has if above if theirs themselves as for just once own those itself his so of after down who ours a she what itself an those yourselves be to he both such why did his ours than s our you he during other out you he whom just will against more through most you here are to ours own they but on having other nor him should your being only my few just those ourselves you you our a then what your so between nor i who these by below above some him nor or doing again was my from as until then into how which down how nor each been very its has ours under and from on him above been was against further does above himself but further through while is yours who we s s is where into or each why we myself how when once they own more ourselves myself into does them not there were he very against most a as when do our there we here t do up don