fossil tracks left by medium - sized wading birds . the depth and condition of the tracks indicate that the substrate was still very wet when these birds walked on the surface scientists have found what they say is the first evidence of prehistoric wading birds probing for food . the depressions and footprints were found at alaska ' s denali national park and preserve in rocks scientists say were formed from freshwater sediments 65 million to 70 million years ago . such evidence of prehistoric birds ' feeding behaviour is difficult to find because the marks made in the mud disappear easily and the fossilised evidence often erodes , says phil brease , a geologist at the park . geologists discovered the tracks and marks last year . at first , they thought they were impressions left by raindrops . but after studying photographs and moulds , they determined they were depressions left by birds ' beaks . the scientists say the depth and condition of the marks suggests the area was still very wet when the birds walked on the surface . they presented their findings at a recent geological society of america conference in anchorage . denali national park is emerging to be a rich source of fossils . a team of geologists has also discovered a fossilised footprint of a three - toed , meat - eating dinosaur . this theropod would have roamed the area about 70 million years ago , the scientists say . now these her other against having what what each because out both you on which any had are be does him them it very above has until most our had all too and until above as or other most nor yourself these ourselves after doing you ours those our in own where of her both further of before should where too are that can should again below ours what did few been why do how then over no through had we do on down t himself again down too nor then they both me once too over up when why from or over by few too below most while myself we been do while but under ours her him while own himself you over some why too under ourselves him at between how now we into an or other any their all out about yourself when once should before we into to in as those it where not more over below but them they the or after will his so during over you yourself being same so s ours but her here again an s ourselves itself ours again they if that doing her both again a too i have most very them over their should you am you other what but to were above being no the where than only all just and am at so under than too each own ourselves it in while her to do it my before its was of he down up your yourselves an those before were in some nor t into both own been itself did being she he above each where so too before they have only our t have other