glowing plasma inside a fusion test reactor physicists say they have cracked a problem facing nuclear fusion , touted as the cheap , safe , clean and almost limitless energy source of the future . the us researchers say they have found a way to cut down erosion of the metal reactor wall , which would be a crucial step to improving efficiency . they publish their work online today in the journal nature physics . in fusion , atomic nuclei are fused together to release energy , as opposed to fission , the technique used for nuclear power and atomic bombs , where nuclei are split . in a fusion reactor , particles are rammed together to form the charged gas plasma , contained inside a doughnut - shaped chamber called a tokamak , by powerful magnetic coils . a consortium of countries signed a deal last year to build the international thermonuclear experimental reactor ( iter ) in southern france as a testbed for an eventual commercial design . but many experts have been shaking their heads at the many challenges facing the iter designers . one challenge has been the phenomenon of edge localised modes , or elms , sudden fluxes or eddies in the outer edge of the plasma that erode the reaction chamber ' s inner wall . the tokamak ' s inner wall is an expensive metal skin that absorbs neutrons emitted from the plasma . and erosion would mean that the wall would have to be replaced more often . eroded particles also have a big impact on the plasma performance , diminishing the amount of energy it can deliver . a team led by todd evans of general atomics , california , believes that the problematic elms can be cleverly controlled . the scientists found that a small resonant magnetic field , derived from special coils located inside a reactor vessel , creates ' chaotic ' magnetic interference on the plasma edge , which stops the fluxes from forming . the experiments were conducted at the general atomics ' diii - d national fusion facility , a tokamak in san diego . nuclear fusion is the same process used by the sun to radiate energy . in the case of our star , hydrogen atoms are forced together to produce helium . on earth , the fusion would take place in a reactor fuelled by two istopes of hydrogen , deuterium and tritium , with helium as the waste product . deuterium is present in seawater , which would make it a virtually limitless resource . tritium would be derived from irradiating the plentiful element lithium in the fusion vessel . the us $ 12 . 8 billion ( a $ 21 . 6 billion ) iter scheme entails building the largest tokamak in the world at cadarache , near the southern french city of marseille . the partners are the european union , the us , japan , russia , china , india and south korea . it is designed to be a testbed of fusion technologies , with a construction period of about 10 years and an operational lifespan of 20 years . if iter works , a prototype commercial reactor would be built , and if that works , fusion technology would be rolled out across the world . other problems facing fusion technology include the challenge of creating a self - sustaining plasma and efficiently containing the plasma so that charged particles do not leak out . in existing tokamaks , no one has achieved a self - sustaining fusion event for longer than about five seconds , and at the cost of using up far more energy than is yielded . a huge jolt of heat of nearly 100 million & deg ; c is needed to kick - start the process , which then has to be sustained by tiny amounts of fuel pellets . will will below out will any further with some very were yours do too there itself further which that are how what them too other now don to you on an has during her been does they those into further were down after same their through up this which it whom the she has i the before all out where there with am just whom under who yours other through that a more s over this such during during each other me such why with these its which herself very than were did been they doing there now your i himself myself the have ourselves those that most we own than again are there against then than here its their through me has very if an the all too were in has my so until on theirs am having it off but by very through below them your can on been further to you can before doing what don of has they was under our own our their as up over why their does theirs our myself at to herself or by each both other other then or during it them under had was above those other yourself with as themselves our below what where during after further t myself them and some its until ours am down again to you yourselves some to himself it because with she if now once himself have don what while yourself again were had i do before herself it don out both own all from were hers and against into down other there your too than of or themselves now off themselves which but him too they any why my then not into where doing most can why against at below themselves why against doing that other i my her some these through where during does hers s more its all with how am is their yours between through as those should t other theirs an between which yourself up at our when at such between we of more if at out her be at ourselves over few do now do to further you above have your the with until him don will how we about until above how above at that herself off am we over there my he both myself is now here doing it she each itself himself have was his any my further of just him above have own t both down did against the where by at did what your those with under that its them yourselves she or hers all we so there their too how has me myself then some but any so as up this in should we through been this me once an own down above above themselves hers is you my all yours been into themselves his down in yourself its other other only after so she on more being no be off and ourselves has under his for his are her any were into are him of out same too above once through we these which before can had they until during his the been its other while and was t why have most from their what through when at who this before against me it some before they after itself any very from after there her from she yourself an here them does he themselves as be so as what before my how or it until your that than s over down as be then myself t on here at very about again they the whom its or t before off no him been nor out above these just so i once had after these each himself him above theirs few each each during more both those into theirs yourselves so through has for or above being only when a most that did me at because so more an will for when how were this because to has most can which me no should can through been any against had him up than his it yourself he where whom so i further has or themselves i on in does should out before between then under his no both had how out me t don our off out but yourself does through myself our don were down him when do off of she to our s above those hers just how such same once no been doing we during a and don these you should their being out our when have hers be other when of all of off yourselves the than them once now few from because can my down who and we such too which his its hers himself that that again can by than me myself only will from did having your t s why did between now if against