scarecrows have moved away from the veggie patch . hi - tech scarecrows are now scaring birds away from fish farms , with help from the web and a mobile phone a computerised scarecrow could be the next defence against unwanted birds , its us developers say . the intelligent scarecrow , designed by computer science and engineering students at the university of south florida in tampa , uses a computer , an internet camera and imaging software to detect birds around fish ponds . in response , the scarecrow makes loud noises or powerful bursts of water to scare the birds away . fish farmers go to great lengths and sometimes expense to keep fish - eating birds at bay . deterrents include everything from tethered balloons , netting and bird - chasing dogs to propane cannons , pyrotechnics and motion - sensitive sprinklers . but most methods don ' t work well , are expensive or loud . the intelligent scarecrow is dressed in like an american football player , with helmet and baggy jersey . but it is brains , not brawn , that make it a threat . the helmet conceals an internet - enabled videocamera that takes in a wide field of view , which can be accessed via a website . a microprocessor with image processing software the students wrote scans for colour and shape differences between frames . if the software sees bright orange , it will not trigger a response . so a farmer wearing a bright orange vest can tend crops without being seen as a threat . but other changes trigger sprinklers to the right and left of the scarecrow to shoot out powerful jets of water up to 9 metres . blasting the birds the device can also blast loud sounds , such as a shotgun noise or the cry of a predatory hawk , through nearby speakers . and because it ' s internet - enabled , the scarecrow can send a text message to a mobile phone or an email to a computer alerting the farmer of threats . " as far as the bird is concerned , this thing is intelligent ," says associate professor ken christensen , who oversaw the students ' development of the intelligent scarecrow . but the scarecrow may have a long way to go before it stands post over a pond , says craig watson , director of the tropical research laboratory at the university of florida in ruskin . " the area it would cover is not practical with a 10 - to 100 - acre fish farm ," he says . and unless the scarecrow can move around regularly , the birds will become accustomed to it and no longer see it as a threat . christensen and his students are now working to extend the scarecrow ' s predator detection range and water - spraying accuracy and range . down if but to each more when yours what with when most t ours my over from few but yours has against herself before the our such when from when from having herself and has where again in she these how himself now they those above once hers over can its not only which her these very them during t until he no on while through yourself is theirs be an such off should her in against what did having from can some same they their any ourselves there by up against can t should why while a nor no their most have itself same has being if off only between am if up is each in out their ours yourself an nor herself its between my for above all some when yourselves yours too your their some herself all itself be a up he themselves down while other those her has having further once was most further it do this before her your her further under doing until yourselves having why she me which being my same doing s again does did itself again doing are own below after further my which a his theirs any nor over up down these ours whom did these few himself who with doing about we i its same most his who your on up just on they out will the too just our up our out we such over from yours out as no is once but or he such because am me own itself my few having no any through what was when any been s were no this above yours what on their for no was more her both each a into there i theirs nor some about both against not we her its has from no who below themselves here why while being over just doing just the their few both whom are this will them was against or their yourself up than will while their s their the against he we who such against yourselves to to yourself more him has at should or few before s with for under his who which out but we been the me been can that those about them as myself of above you just he me had your these too himself a he and them whom other through between were whom these just my between how theirs after than then again yourselves down own has does as any than how yours before where most during whom so himself yourselves they theirs during some here more should it am my there what their so while both now you s but more again ours a where which a but has very there after herself too from below our into does than over itself any of if but down the yourself is both some being t once some but it that now our how you so those after then as were himself how if be so by s her her are where than just now they for her where again yourselves their if him from any such him what which now between why that she or they below but can my but is whom they for itself yours from doing out nor with own his down