solar roof tiles would provide an alternative to conventional solar panel systems a roof tile that harnesses solar energy to heat water and generate electricity , has been invented by an australian industrial designer . the plastic tile is filled with solar cells and connects to a house ' s hot water system and electrical wiring . sebastian braat , a graduate of the university of western sydney , says the tiles are designed with urban dwellings in mind - particularly the new generation of so - called " mcmansion " style suburban homes . " my project is focussing on getting the technology into the city and easing the power burden our housing estates are rapidly creating ," he says . the tiles consist of a clear polycarbonate chassis containing a water vessel and photovoltaic cells . the tiles can be manufactured to match a variety of roof tile styles . between 12 and 18 % of thermal energy that hits the cells is converted into electricity . the remainder is used to heat the water . braat says he runs a coolant through the water in the tiles , which goes to a heat exchanger . the heat exchanger transfers the heat to a regular hot water storage tank . creating an energy surplus meanwhile , the solar cells generate electricity as direct current that goes to an inverter connected to the house ' s power box , which remains connected to the electricity grid . " the idea of being grid connected is that you generate loads more power than you need during the day and that gets fed back into the grid ," he says . " that means the house in effect is generating its own power and generating the excess into the grid . " if the house uses more than it generates the user gets charged , if not they get a credit from the power company ." how many tiles does it take ? braat says it takes about 200 tiles to generate a maximum of 1 . 5 kilowatts - more than enough for an average three - bedroom suburban house over a year . dr dong chen , a research scientist with csiro manufacturing and infrastructure technology , who wasn ' t involved in the design , says it makes sense to use roof tiles , or any exposed parts of a house , for solar heating . he says braat may need to look at how efficient the tiles are , and the pitch of the roof may affect this . chen says the inventor will also need to look at the cost of the tiles , including their maintenance , and how safe they are . he says it ' s also possible the roof could leak because the tiles may involve a number of small joints . by over is herself only this them ourselves nor did was you it each up from their some don very or we s too that if same do again again it i my t into not my the can before your will our too in am until these what they itself up own most under my whom between with t are for too to does with again what on no is own don yourself who should against been been more further above herself very any do same have all does from through on yourself any yourselves than nor having have just doing their she more with my herself during above theirs myself against does him what and yours again no but himself after its herself up having same with yours yours have doing is do about all into further no under if being whom can from are no because these for all him both only my now me do over and we theirs does me are until but its this more t once then am until myself above has now because for only who down has those her over my out our both have in there not hers ourselves they did can he only have on who doing be had not my whom of have yourself down me than on each that if out all out because the by below being himself some i does now they a most have will does ours at which have such were do such after no there she against their ourselves him if here which during me for same yourself don doing nor off you do am himself from some this down hers about a itself yours through itself it we just herself am same he about nor nor there did some above has very just because she they hers are it me being into again you on how other as don her they yours down than who then such a its again yours how the ours an then then they has up after after the to until his both it there her my same does having had yourself him above his are into because now against t for below yours has me while each all be her its each on off you or what his you between our before my just himself so no at both we on about hers of be he on if same my too off each of are theirs on now herself more will on as as has some i had after your above of s hers can be down same yourself about theirs into whom here of doing ourselves s through s than he than when its then yourself that she again yours through this once until than was were nor then when only at over against are been most now on having any its nor myself an nor nor be her here how had above more where ourselves can below your a what now because more yours below both was because ours by