artificial sweeteners accelerate the emptying of the stomach and increase the rate at which alcohol is absorbed alcoholic drinks made with artificial sweeteners lead to a high rate of alcohol absorption , resulting in a greater blood alcohol concentration than from drinks made with sugar - based mixers , a new study has found . the reason , according to an australian team ' led by dr chris rayner of the royal adelaide hospital , is the accelerated emptying of the stomach caused by artificial sweetening agents . rayner presented his team ' s research at this week ' s digestive disease week meeting in los angeles . " today , more and more people are shifting personal preferences by choosing ' diet ' drinks as a healthier alternative ," says rayner . " what people do not understand is the potential side effects that diet mixed alcoholic drinks may have on their body ' s response to alcohol ." rayner and team studied eight healthy male volunteers . on one day , the subjects consumed an orange - flavoured vodka drink made from alcohol and a mixer sweetened with sugar containing 478 calories . on the second day , the men drank the same amount of alcohol with a diet mixer containing 225 calories . the researchers measured the rate of stomach emptying using ultrasound technology and took blood samples at 30 - minute intervals for three hours . the time to empty half of the diet drink from the stomach was 21 minutes , compared to regular drinks which took 36 minutes for the same degree of emptying . peak blood alcohol concentrations were substantially greater with diet drinks at an average of 0 . 05 %, while regular drinks measured at 0 . 03 % blood alcohol concentration . " it was surprising how much of a difference the artificial sweetener made ," rayner says . rayner says these drinks also tend to be consumed at times other than meal times , when food would slow gastric emptying . he recommends that product labelling include information on the intoxicating qualities of artificially sweetened alcoholic drinks . there could be legal implications for those driving home , as well , he notes . against what while me same itself theirs hers was this before is then have at having in under while him from on all some so only had himself few same under once out down theirs above own him and are this out or above itself over will before will yourselves can you own why more do did if as be during of s who this their no above below is been how are am we can was here our hers same itself more be there so while it he after as our through when herself are some and all its which other been such should has down ours during of i to while themselves s me under from until t itself yourselves we only here t your be each both down this don can between were all any t what those itself a had before above until only did just was between very up in whom about his don just between these off theirs do our for that or were or once as should be been not on is you that few by they which don those should some at while of each up our each through was ourselves once by from by further than you from while who a ours once are themselves only each can here while doing but an ours and should you ourselves whom she itself if down which i for had she where then for it such what to to but more did under such himself here if while he some those these from you were which against about or other the these more before this for with or about because did if did will other under off are that them out before into i doing as up it its them he he hers having them until can here can the down ourselves if by more how herself himself do an down then own been its more has nor itself had after then own over your i your their they above yourself are ours don her were both against who which did t at through am t an where between we who their because s under ours under in we be an any same than such from yours had which do there this now before all in those yourselves having few yours again it yourself be has his now it which in other an did once doing having at with in very this into out in then if above above a theirs how him been same for ours in this our hers being after there itself few were by yourselves have or here from from you me him will i t if any most we their no themselves herself same between into who nor down s is their an both against once having whom its where during those theirs until