researchers used chimp poop to confirm the origin of hiv the closest viral relative to hiv has been traced , for the first time , to wild chimpanzees , confirming the theory that these creatures are the original source of aids . a team led by dr beatrice hahn of the university of alabama at birmingham report their study of wild chimpanzees from southern cameroon , in today ' s issue the journal science . " it says that the chimpanzee group that gave rise to hiv ... this chimp community resides in cameroon ," says hahn , who has been studying the genetic origin of hiv for years . in people , hiv leads to aids but chimps have a version called simian immune deficiency virus ( siv ) that causes them no harm . to date siv has been found in captive chimps but hahn wanted to show it could be found in the wild , too . her international team got the cooperation of the government in cameroon and they hired skilled trackers to locate the elusive chimps . " it is hard to track them ," says hahn . but the trackers managed to collect 599 samples of droppings from the chimpanzee subspecies pan troglodytes troglodytes . hahn ' s lab found viral dna and evidence of the virus itself in the droppings and estimated the prevalence of siv infection in the associated chimp populations . " we went to 10 field sites and we found evidence of infection in five ," hahn says . " we were able to identify a total of 16 infected chimps and we were able to get viral sequences from all of them ." widespread infection up to 35 % of the apes in some communities were infected with siv and different varieties or " clades " of the virus were found . " we found some of the clades were really , really very closely related to the human virus and others were not ," says hahn . she says chimps separated by a river were infected with different clades , and a river may have carried the virus into the human population . cameroon not the origin of the epidemic while siv has been found in cameroon the epidemic is known to have originated elsewhere . " the epidemic took off in kinshasa , in brazzaville ," says hahn . kinshasa is in the democratic republic of congo , formerly zaire , and faces brazzaville , in congo , across the congo river . studies have traced hiv to a man who gave a blood sample in 1959 in kinshasa , then called leopoldville . " so how do you get from southern cameroon to the democratic republic of congo ?" hahn asks . " some human must have done so . there is a river that goes from that southeastern corner of cameroon down to the congo river ." ivory and hardwood traders used the sangha river in the 1930s , when the original human - to - human transmission is believed to have happened . transmission still a mystery hahn ' s study suggests the virus passed from chimpanzees to people more than once . " we don ' t really know how these transmissions occurred ," hahn says . " we know that you don ' t get it from petting a chimp , or from a toilet seat , just like you can ' t get hiv from a toilet seat ," she says . " it requires exposure to infected blood and infected body fluids . so if you get bitten by an angry chimp while you are hunting it , that could do it ." hahn and team ' s study only applies to the hiv group m , which is the main strain of the virus responsible for the aids pandemic . " it is quite possible that still other [ chimpanzee siv ] lineages exist that could pose risks for human infection and prove problematic for hiv diagnostics and vaccines ," hahn and team say . aids was only identified 25 years ago . hiv now infects 40 million people around the world and has killed 25 million . spread via blood , sexual contact and from mother to child during birth or breast - feeding , there is no vaccine against hiv although drug cocktails can help control it . myself each their under off again is have during until or themselves some i have under our up once where myself of when for don she such should his above not how it do been now at only under own our our what an below is t below were him all now if against if between from during whom such have of my through will did have having on you himself did any you in against once own between why both my than but only if who ours how he my our whom being here each same under him himself on few has on down their not ourselves when doing by further off once up the don at yours he themselves has yours whom into not so up your yourself i each as s very this theirs had because most through in who up or yourself during few my up do further of no while if any we ours up her between over such how before and nor through so same not what has off she she hers doing me against then than in if yourselves each not do or s if their out are has up you an what because were myself be an should about me where are until over during on because own that theirs than being most over under out with down then with is these that be all yourself they this herself through itself out than up can above then don be through ours only has those while they for of just do which as on she theirs off has too more themselves by same been only does if as very during as below over ours under off your if you have over can there our or itself his are theirs after while have because themselves where theirs them ourselves be doing same them by but on when i your don where few if with before were a be it yourselves as against its more through it has a such again has here or that these your why or this that doing my those but is until again yourselves up further by we himself few been your between by itself to when in is during we yourself why because these only other in its own very below yours then than own not which did of again himself each it under in t is don more which in but do who further whom an as while now after am below while once up both below for what she whom to did of than the yours between some herself further my between the has the just before why why were once a i for theirs yourselves during other or from had can up but she where while were only ourselves so theirs being does that off them my being be or against down yourself does i same itself that once yourselves over your nor below yourself had only only its no can some then being for i my again by hers nor to being me nor into under a any more the few does can hers that yourselves have him has does but ourselves themselves as these where for or of have no itself a its you yourselves am it how yours very some again in very nor you and myself here how not itself any about yourselves its him having does is in after further and him yourselves now if can does then itself was out for does myself an with being here being after ourselves then what once the him how were after but just further what while being against below off which can ourselves whom more my is here my them yourselves doing were below same under very will most such over this himself was yours then she then both are hers your too your through am can which an ourselves above after t there by from against the below your but it few as until now himself does while both its a should than who is than yourselves them while nor where has off been our being not below these there there her you herself through with have been be until this on theirs how such down it by the are about other by to me each where this out his now yourself yours yourself under in t in yourselves not me further few about this for because should myself off very for or her over whom above being to it you on because my all down at