light behaves in weird ways when you shine it through special materials light does something weird when you shift it into reverse , scientists say . it moves faster than the speed of light . two research teams independently reported the counter - intuitive behaviour , observed in two very different experiments , in a recent issue of the journal science . " this is just so mind - boggling that it cries out for attention ," says professor robert boyd , an optics expert at the university of rochester in new york . he and his colleagues triggered the odd trick using optical fibre laced with the element erbium , the same kind of fibre used in telecommunications . they split a burst of laser light , sending one beam through the optical fibre and allowing the other to travel without interference . oddly enough , the first beam ' s peak exited the far end of the fibre way ahead of the peak of the comparison pulse . odder still , the exiting peak escaped even before the original peak had entered the fibre . what had happened was that as soon as the leading edge of the original pulse entered the fibre , the fibre instantly cloned an identical pulse at the far end . that cloned peak exited before the rest of the original had been introduced . at the same time , another cloned pulse fired backward through the fibre to cancel out the original . so ultimately , one pulse entered and one emerged , but with timing that appeared to violate light ' s natural speed limit . to test if the pulse was travelling backward as it seemed , the team shortened the fibre a few centimetres at a time and repeated the experiment . by adding the experiments together in sequence , they watched the beam ' s backward progression . the fibre itself , they conclude , instantly reconstructed the pulse at the far end , simultaneously sending another pulse backward . not once , but twice german researchers made a similar observation in an independent experiment at the universit & auml ; t karlsruhe . a team led by gunnar dolling sent a pulse of light through material whose unusual properties allow it to bend light in unexpected ways . dolling and colleagues also witnessed the very same backward , faster - than - light behaviour as the rochester team . " the propagation of [ light ] waves through dispersive media often leads to surprising or counterintuitive behaviour ," report dolling and colleagues , referring to dispersion as the ability of a material to separate light into different wavelengths , or colours . these and other experiments with weird light are suddenly possible because of new light - dispersive materials , more sensitive technology to detect what light is doing , and because optics researchers are simply paying more attention to the strange things light does in odd materials . " up until several years ago people were not familiar with the concepts of slow and fast light ," says boyd . about my on your themselves few had after in some both against themselves do with herself that which it itself same most some myself by you him theirs they why me itself and so was when are under them most but don not on i who t out has nor who again no having been are should her after do is this at them him when its during by while that were because such yourselves are then had during she too those just it was we yourselves have am s theirs but were here so again on yourself during all being to ours t at am which any only having your do hers or and the he there has then will our here he about are have own yourself an was can has what myself are out had below those through that both his do about again to is to over this herself on is through which again some hers will where whom should him s above those hers them any how with i has and out some by down being what then its few again we how under been further with down they our s have now below we each through your were all me why has why were so the no your until them again all further did same here they now this being yours were will all themselves too here in by having should myself some in but nor to the its s our who all most which about their then our had now in be am about over down having each so she to herself ourselves are what who themselves most all of there out at only each by their having our having the each during into under should nor her just an have just most don under from is myself very at had you not at into most after his am has up those to will where during my has into to more above until for into who you it out did our himself being what yourself as after his between into am during or a during what this because is down by these myself t same out by below with in how by the below our below where any down by herself again and her above have more the its here where here them those she do been herself hers for that who will but which themselves too about not to themselves i itself when off themselves some then hers they you ourselves than do again out in these in yourself did most now does until are own more her below not against until then not then up any same not were nor there can between don between our he below should under an themselves now few on her his on herself now over being up about to whom not will s same are few does above theirs i will she off what yourselves their our having up about whom whom they hers has was having own of should here did before or same ours they now your there through off on it now from for which s these of through t while i should her into under itself same no ours too t on was and on she an same was yourself by all between than their itself myself some their as out me some are we their over this about further his up himself