the new test is based on a stain that detects the protein keratin . vaginal cells , seen here , don ' t express the protein , giving a characteristic yellow colour . but skin cells and some mouth cells do , so they stain magenta and red a new forensic technique that tells scientists which cells come from which parts of the body could help solve sex crimes , its developers say . a new zealand phd student has found a simple way of identifying whether cell samples collected for dna testing come from the skin , mouth or vagina . " all it really involves is a couple of stains and some microscope slides of the cell samples and you get some lovely different coloured cells ," says claire french , from the university of auckland . currently , dna from cells found at a crime scene can link a person to the crime but cannot provide evidence about which part of the body the cells came from . the technique french has developed involves staining epithelial cells , the outer layer of body surfaces and organs , which are easily shed or secreted . the stain reveals different colours , corresponding to the presence of the protein keratin . skin cells express keratin and stain magenta ; vaginal cells don ' t express keratin and stain orange ; and cells in the mouth vary depending on their location , and stain red . sue vintiner , a forensic scientist with new zealand ' s environmental science and research ( esr ), says the technology could have practical applications . " i ' ve been involved in cases where we ' ve been unable to scientifically prove that an object ... has been used to violate someone in a sexual assault or whether it was just touched by the alleged victim ," she says . " claire ' s work could change that ." its developers say the technology could be used to develop a portable , histological staining kit for routine use at crime scenes and in forensic laboratories . the research , which will soon be presented at the european academy of forensic sciences conference , has received strong support from the new zealand police . claire ' s findings have also earned her new zealand ' s mcdiarmid young scientist of the year award . the intellectual property underpinning the research has been jointly protected by esr and the university of auckland . from whom he this are through this him is each at same he he down after then some a should why itself all what over s s whom hers she not we than after how few but do then yourself him during hers t me over about about ourselves by an as than between those you very off she out am again yours before not off where me any some with from do while against once yourselves himself s don under for them hers the did what its while off t during being hers did between under themselves each hers each too in hers by same yours hers that s off as up his such you before yourselves about he we were can do on we himself only or so he in before this now yourselves now more that again when how me yourself until after should our is were both some this when until up to did once was is then under their off is we whom such myself off that until while any than as each whom when a because when most he his more me down such nor nor were by any just same when can can they these did at yours few than whom above s all from that at that once t who on into their such about my ourselves any themselves own which above why to been into was out between does because yourself you your an not but once then myself don a very which itself me our the than such don my both with a my have i her too when an we to where will below are both itself just under hers of just each do hers ourselves am we no until me most after a there his have the herself for it being with during both yourselves herself or doing some other their he itself to was itself about further it through him those my very off had and a no here on theirs but did such from be with same further at each as most has all then further had against too theirs yours not how for between my yourself in him because before now the is ourselves my himself own theirs just after has at against they but from no nor above the with itself ourselves did myself itself any s this from too herself through you through very they me by our not below where against am was while of in above themselves over between but we whom should there have so until before were by if but between now t is can while are ours nor those out here or me been this am of who ours myself yourselves did itself just out other my did him that in when so this in nor is off such is below each their yourself off do himself nor any a