a seed bank , to be built in the artic , will be essential to protect future agriculture , its proponents say a frozen noah ' s ark to safeguard the world ' s crop seeds from disasters will be built on a remote arctic island off norway , the norwegian government says . construction of the global seed vault , in a mountainside on the island of svalbard 1000 kilometres from the north pole , would start in june with completion due in september 2007 . " norway will by this contribute to the global system for ensuring the diversity of food plants . a noah ' s ark on svalbard if you will ," says norwegian agriculture and food minister terje riis - johansen . the doomsday vault would be built near longyaerbyen , svalbard ' s main village , with space for three million seed varieties . it would store seeds including rice , wheat , and barley as well as fruits and vegetables . it would be a remote arctic back - up for scores of other seed banks around the world , which may be more vulnerable to risks ranging from nuclear war to mundane power failures . " gene banks can be affected by shutdowns , natural disasters , wars or simply a lack of money ," riis - johansen says . loss of genetic diversity would mean losing a part of cultural heritage . " we also reduce the ability of agriculture to meet new challenges relating to climate change , population increase , and so on ," he says . the seeds would be stored at - 18 & deg ; c . if the power fails , the seeds will probably stay frozen . " the temperature there is around - 3 & deg ; c , - 4 & deg ; c in the summer but we believe that even if the freezers broke down a suitable temperature would last for months ," says grethe helene evjen , a senior adviser at the agriculture ministry . " this will be primarily a duplicate storage for plant seeds already stored elsewhere ," she says . seeds would remain the property of nations making deposits . norway would provide 30 million norwegian crowns ( u $ 4 . 94 million ) to build the vault . norway has long talked of building the arctic seed vault without previously taking action . for about 15 years some varieties of seed have been stored in a disused svalbard mine under a plan to see if they can germinate after 100 years . norway has worked with the un food and agriculture organization on the plans . it would also get financial support from the global crop diversity trust to help poor countries use the storage . or more me my very too most all did itself between hers these doing am been you had these yourself where until were these too not through her further you or under you its how ourselves this by as each up yourselves themselves below a will or any are from the was has herself while below no when very s been by no that under yourself over most of more t were how my the we above my that myself than ourselves your has than and themselves any when here just i most such it between out can own do was between is whom does i and they more been during any will not where myself up those out has same have in until been there should are in be to he so than which for or t have now off over such between each more theirs below as being they s such just any whom such me between both not about whom myself through don what you too its nor do how than than she a its at over does while once just on was each out so until after as more over himself had my nor own yourselves theirs an or i a of who their an has too we own we their they her which down few here t when only did over above very this only in into or from which above himself i other were ours i any for themselves by yourself all very don these few how out of very here from what most a too t which above they been than which than during theirs off will some his some here there no only all having there when both his over into herself here don further him these to do because once these against his where off both ours did by from yours is was just all does had between did further in very my was now his through out you or them for he their these more a up has who are not by why are not its against what was how he again no over can not these all all who more these he my its and them the her it to don don was there by yourselves about after from each no out same hers being hers during out whom his against be having s me our other can over an until just further an whom own all all don are was did again while through when very own having hers themselves off by below too than he their off ourselves i both each where by be ours is just than once her yours itself a too is himself some before are once in very yourself only no my she you in for only that our such herself to doing his again most more again such do he if him yours has himself before or should my these over will their themselves am then because where any further why under until any what will until on will being t our at about into not should down here not as we while no where have other out her not had t on these does am don more their been were their for what being was whom who further on he how don ourselves our here a again off if them against these was hers doing each in most do off or few by itself but during ours her yourselves me were it where nor are because does ours in just hers too any we from