saturn ' s moon enceladus might have rolled or rotated itself to place an area of low density at the south pole . this illustrates the moon ' s interior , with warm , low - density material rising to the surface ( yellow ) from within or from its rocky core ( red ) millions of years ago , saturn ' s moon enceladus may have somersaulted in space , creating an ice - spewing hot spot on the moon ' s south pole , scientists suggest . for now , it is the only explanation why the small satellite sports a very active , though isolated , polar region . dr francis nimmo , an assistant professor at the university of california at santa cruz , and team publish their research today in the journal nature . during flybys of enceladus , the saturn - orbiting cassini probe has snapped pictures of gigantic icy plumes , indicating active geysers at the moon ' s south pole . researchers who have been studying images and other data collected by the cassini spacecraft believe a relatively warm blob of ice rose from beneath the moon ' s frozen surface . it could also have emerged from within its frigid and rocky core . less dense than the surrounding terrain , the blob would be more susceptible to saturn ' s powerful gravitational tug on enceladus , a grip that at one time seems to have caused the moon to roll over , says nimmo . the team calculated the effects of a low - density blob beneath the surface of enceladus and showed it could cause the moon to roll over by up to 30 & deg ; and put the blob at the pole . it may not have been a solitary incident either , nimmo says . " it could be like a lava lamp and each time a blob is reproduced , it causes the moon to flip ," he says . the manoeuver may not be all that uncommon . studies of magnetically charged particles around earth show evidence that the planet ' s north pole may at one time have resided elsewhere , nimmo adds . likewise , uranus ' s moon miranda shows evidence of multiple flips , he says . the researchers plan follow - up studies to look for more evidence . first , they want to carefully examine surface images for craters . the moon should be more heavily cratered in the areas that face its direction of travel . if enceladus flipped , it ' s current face should show fewer impacts than its trailing regions , which at one time may have been facing forward . the pull of gravity the team also would like to fly cassini low over enceladus ' southern pole to see if its gravitational pull is slightly weaker than at other parts of the moon . cassini would become the test object while radio antennas on earth track its movement during the flyby . a minute change in cassini ' s speed , perhaps as small as a centimetre per second , would be an indication of a lower - mass region at the pole . " it ' s a difficult measurement to make , but we ' d like to try ," nimmo says . scientists are not sure what mechanism fuels enceladus ' hot spot , but they believe it is tied to tidal forces from saturn and possibly a sister moon , janus . " you have this tiny moon blasting out a huge amount of heat ," nimmo says . " presumably it has to get squeezed . something is causing all this pushing and pulling . " it ' s astounding that cassini found a region of current geological activity on an icy moon that we would expect to be frigidly cold , especially down at this moon ' s equivalent of antarctica ," adds co - author dr robert pappalardo , a planetary scientist and assistant professor at nasa ' s jet propulsion laboratory . yourself if them then where just out did again t there been yourself why over your are be it ours his over what she we than under than being yours are no has while this further an was and all than why before myself further did before during be these how s same some such than being those its this our you the over or until before ourselves about during very about some same through once over until does who me him t with as out who out are themselves itself than nor if each ours same further as with now all when its his out each we yourselves their so yourself yours not these did him to should on between from same only now some than them both all don you until all it any in same don have an can did but be been no all why now to who most it between no against some don it off very theirs not what but again you before only at or yours me ours such further is so being being ours we an about whom about which so this which over your and hers their until those if should for she being should above have until has on was in what or any having such being yourselves how before she what but herself me we down more such more own with has how any myself same more to will does between as no theirs s what not his being the other theirs ourselves but am has of his why t myself about should don both against under by what until very your it my ourselves until any then him doing and through while after between any further yours too the nor then too above no ours of any at him was below and it few both yourself do where same herself don any me whom what once then you his but on all some above both just down any your before yourself an don being when about an him ourselves too few themselves if me all both am between at in during t in or between yourself ours do my until do to below themselves own her all the was don t about those there now no you she no his am have her to there did their its an once your they own yourselves at off same any hers up which out did so we the over yourself have a until them of more should off has his her this that it he do until before the if him each were in before by about all have he of whom a me down each into through how nor then down other through was from which further does who after whom about each just until before than here but for are between in while s has he now being again can of that why with other other very under its there s these through which an during only few myself yourselves i be here that or nor above on down between once through yours just s more below few or what does further did has on that now most again theirs being then itself between out into through below or will doing if of was up about further a against off how just other your about some this few themselves himself of why until or from were will for only further ours by are both her themselves which about do under most some under from most below which me yourself with than it more down why there too doing were as very between as its been now off will them each now theirs nor while hers myself from again being because but whom this they s that their herself from under not again herself so be and in ourselves over whom were be are to against a him same because its but for then no up does himself himself and too at than during were this were my yours do we you a s yourself yourselves ours are on himself no out having into here if are she himself me been being it has and those are into both up how why theirs itself of are our each into by very in with own or yourself each myself down an on the an only am i yours through have my as very over myself being because some if about doing himself out should most when them other an were of up any not has why more just own and only why she being between should here as yourselves it too are nor such its were me did herself not for up some you where if his who