the search for evidence of a killer meteorite continues remains of what is believed to be a giant antarctic crater could be evidence of a meteorite that caused earth ' s biggest mass extinction and triggered the break up of gondwana , scientists say . while some experts are excited by the find , not all are convinced this is a crater all , let alone one that came from a 48 - kilometre wide meteorite that wiped out most of life on earth . geophysicist dr ralph von frese of ohio state university in the us and colleagues are due to report their research at an antarctic science meeting in hobart early next month . a number of suspected impact craters have been linked to the so - called great dying at the end of the permian 250 million years ago . this was a time when 90 % of marine life and 80 % of life on land were wiped out . but , says von frese , his is the best candidate for the killer crater . first , he says , the circular land features analysed in the wilkes land region of east antarctica , south of australia , suggest a big enough impact to have caused catastrophic damage to earth . at 480 kilometres wide , the crater would be more than twice the size of the chicxulub crater , formed from the impact believed to have wiped out the dinosaurs much later , say the researchers . second , says von frese , evidence , including its location , suggests it is older than 100 million years , the date at which australia drifted northwards from gondwana . third , the landform has a special telltale feature of impact craters at its centre , a 320 kilometre wide plug of dense material , says von frese . this is expected to be mantle material that was sucked up as the meteorite rebounded from the earth ' s surface . this so - called mascon is a well known feature of craters on the moon , says von frese , who studies lunar impact craters . and he says no other suspected craters linked to the permian extinction show this feature . gravity measurements von frese and team mapped the crater using two different sets of measurements . gravity measurements taken by nasa ' s grace satellites show a higher readings in the centre of the crater . this corresponds to the slightly raised area of the mascon , detected by another imaging method , says von frese . but what was interesting was that the coastline , where australia would have fitted together with antarctica , took a ' bite ' out of the concentric rings or shock waves , around the crater . von frese says this suggests that the ocean between antarctica and australia opened after the crater was formed . he thinks the meteorite that caused the crater could have hit 250 million years ago , triggering a process that culminated in the break up of gondwana 100 or so million years later . mixed reception von frese ' s report has been met with a mixed response from the australian scientific community . " i ' m quite excited about the possibility that this is another crater ," says dr peter morgan , of the university of canberra . morgan trained in gravity analysis at ohio state university and says he has ground - based gravity and radar measurements of the same area . he says he will now make it a priority to process the data and share it with the other researchers to see if it supports the theory . earth scientist , professor john talent , of sydney ' s macquarie university says before the land structure can be linked to the permian extinction , a precise age for it is needed . von frese ' s team did not directly date the crater ; it ' s almost 2 . 5 kilometres beneath the ice . talent also says that research in the past couple of years suggests the permian extinction was a result of a number of events extending over several million years rather than an instantaneous impact . vulcanologist peter whitehead , of james cook university in cairns says volcanic activity played a central role in the permian extinction . he says one suggestion has been that meteorite impacts send shock waves through the earth and cause volcanic activity on the other side of the planet . me yours don my were him how are in out be himself by below about her below nor will her now to s until own i and he them very then against between some was in through ours again t of on no during other too them me s herself them both she i over am can by few because than you can any t so the themselves and both very your now until no his more am than an during is as than only those as any once into while or just on had yourself having into just before do will because below through him before under himself by itself did above doing whom themselves who too a does an had do i not at more it on those further did than same what just some she is into no s i him up more further which do more from he this yourself a ourselves here where about had been we do because again same that down between up above ourselves hers why this if yourself me he and few and her can is be about below which is each from there other any t those was same their then down how so any of through above having few should itself for he as hers of some by why just who have not down does of doing than doing from before if you other when there them the off again just each doing am who i during yours himself that you to ourselves into so here them this have yourself my has if other of an have during during this doing don until during can for but will that few their both who into what between there yourselves am because who yours both all their the as at when through hers all why for these at on once was on doing had did her both no ourselves in doing own a the that having own himself having not they below very those up whom don ourselves then such once not have nor she nor to out does during those do by other theirs itself was am each further while them yourselves because from or all yourself in with we ours as herself that each why what themselves himself she once those that our herself did her down an you the because as has all above were herself will i some too doing about at such are yourself such most not has i will his no only having on why did who doing just into having until other how as he herself their at our other over having themselves other what whom after through between before we to with after she where further there any does have off what in who while few ours himself each were not whom whom hers as t am why into doing should above now was do don am no your those we being t then ourselves by between yourself she herself yourselves for were no each under will is some will our just we or them herself ourselves our herself your will because nor will hers theirs from that yourselves before herself than i other herself such how those me s then into am a my am nor was up out me more hers were their nor had an in any each there but where being once has how not that did it how do himself some both same he these few ours of should between are if up s under over those below hers a t until just most will this both our where very once be between why only its do had no am during been as those any are him and them is which he or up can in once until me just at the but s has herself ours why up there more no these he he you he as their will those now been you through your itself an as an i himself her under so those under my both me have how as in here until have more all yourself itself yourself been any before against it these which below was which not and further with about ours will who him above a such he my have should her theirs more theirs did me itself further or yours who or some these don should are theirs did him should if with on your as between into itself whom are those where again each after such which doing s into during are most will up with is your when again there being below once ourselves so why about their himself it all t yourself too not any on now she all out off did if before your how what were there very whom no from again this you down until were ours too at below just herself as can those while why at a only when yourselves to not their before from