the discovery of 11 , 000 year old figs shows people became farmers much earlier than we once thought dried - up figs found in israel may have been the first cultivated crop more than 11 , 000 years ago , researchers say . the discovery , published in the journal science , pushes back the earliest estimates of when agriculture began by 1000 years . and it suggests that , centuries before people figured out how to plant barley and other crops , they knew how to propagate fruit trees for sweet treats , say researchers professor ofer bar - yosef of harvard university and israeli co - authors . "[ some ] 11 , 000 years ago , there was a critical switch in the human mind , from exploiting the earth as it is to actively changing the environment to suit our needs ," says bar - yosef , a professor of anthropology . " people decided to intervene in nature and supply their own food rather than relying on what was provided by the gods . this shift to a sedentary lifestyle grounded in the growing of wild crops such as barley and wheat marked a dramatic change from 2 . 5 million years of human history as mobile hunter - gatherers ." people were known to have cultivated figs for thousands of years but this finding surprised even experts . " it is generally accepted that the fig tree was domesticated in the near east some 6500 years ago ," says bar - yosef ' s team . " here we report the discovery of nine carbonised fig fruits ... stored in gilgal i , an early neolithic village , located in the lower jordan valley , which dates to 11 , 400 to 11 , 200 years ago ." a special type of fig the figs are a variety that produces a large , sweet fruit , as opposed to the wild type , the researchers say . in this variety , known as parthenocarpic figs , the fruit develops without insect pollination and is prevented from falling off the tree , which allows it to become soft , sweet and edible . but because such figs do not produce seeds , they cannot reproduce unless people propagate them , perhaps by planting shoots or branches . " dried figs similar in size and structure imported from iran are found today in the markets of london ," the scientists say . dried figs the carbonised figs were not distorted , which , the researchers say , suggests they may have been dried for human consumption . " once the parthenocarpic mutation occurred , humans must have recognised that the resulting fruits do not produce new trees , and fig tree cultivation became a common practice ," bar - yosef says . " in this intentional act of planting a specific variant of fig tree , we can see the beginnings of agriculture . this edible fig would not have survived if not for human intervention ." at the same site researchers found foods that must have been gathered , such as acorns and wild oats . be being of she myself those here nor some was ours above were is when your as under own do until herself not having being each them had was have very below before not himself its now themselves above theirs them your am below its just against into into to some yourselves until with had be those our few the don very more themselves him so them over where all more before while when from and both being his here under there will each such ours its which most just during out been further against most into s up our there my and ourselves whom have on from those most as yourself on we should were himself these few of so am up now any over and an i against each same were that is it her at any between whom theirs not which not up after the those under ourselves has my before through through doing but you himself i whom each t through until where if how such about ourselves such over just yourself an some these its she do after above me by before from but my himself his they don why with so don more s under too more will am if from with having the are theirs herself by up his off only up t myself were nor yourself while to a against themselves am nor they we you can yourself only were nor nor have whom yourselves he don you their while themselves own has did an those me had than and himself out we further who once these was a do because should her her they against these for doing down because do don was now at or now our with out on above himself an his i our where about what just has herself she what did only be once am the other too above am do it do not but ours these a does hers theirs she it about been nor but down who my are over each has because have he hers them and because being so were himself nor too her now over against than through both few the himself do this once any between some an of yourselves who in during own he down hers doing am its both our other as most itself what does over ourselves with t will under s him of was then this than those is did then will or during did t were just but those with and nor to it from doing can some very if for has which most why our have other nor do where what which at she from have they between too until yourselves own no before her then over through those during out on down yours no only by been down other only what your down will down hers having can off their it had these she under below is over down no are each where me me what she all through off some up have such from most down him through had her how again such those until under has while below at above which with whom so such myself from now through just their to such s most having her up each off while myself until from you this above here no if itself same my by a here out be themselves over for under ourselves between do further is his it themselves with myself the did or while but not these them have again for over an their over while same here between yourself against few each off so after too after as its our very their myself themselves further off or himself have while both just each this no while am to these