the number 666 is associated with satan and may people believe it is a bad omen today is the sixth day of the sixth month of the year 2006 . boil it down and you ' ve got 666 , the number of the beast according to the bible ' s book of revelation , which prophecies the end of the world . but if the date is enough to send you scurrying under your bedcovers , you may be a victim of what an australian expert describes as a cognitive virus . professor john bigelow , an expert in superstition and pseudoscience from melbourne ' s monash university , says the number traditionally has a dark significance for occultists , alchemists , heretics and people of a superstitious bent . " they ' re a bit like a cognitive virus ," he says of superstitions . " like computer viruses , they get into people ' s brains , they cause people to pass them onto someone else ... and the person who hears them finds it difficult to get them out of their mind . " but i think it ' s better not to suppress them . [ superstitions ] are like the flu , they need to be managed ." the mythology of 666 goes back to chapter 13 in revelation , the apocalyptic final book of the new testament , which states " let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast ... his number is six hundred threescore and six ". bigelow says much of the imagery in revelation has a schizophrenic quality and is often invoked by people with schizophrenia . but he says it ' s impossible to say whether the author , john of patmos , or st john the apostle , suffered from schizophrenia or delusional thinking . macquarie university ' s professor max coltheart , an australian cognitive neuropsychologist , says being superstitious about 666 doesn ' t necessarily add up to a delusion . " if you believe something that people around you don ' t believe in , and there ' s no evidence for it , that ' s a good working definition of delusion ," he says . " if it ' s in the bible someone might call that evidence ." associate professor of anthropology phillips stevens of the university at buffalo in new york , says fears of 666 are actually based on a misinterpretation of the bible . he says the beast referred to in chapter 13 isn ' t satan but several entities . " biblical scholars have pointed out there are several beasts in chapter 13 and elsewhere , and they all refer variously to rome , roman emperors and roman cults of god and emperor worship ," he says . " john of patmos ... was writing to other persecuted christians in code ." perfect numbers six also has significance because it is the first perfect number , says bigelow . perfect numbers , which are rare , are the sum of their factors , for example , 6 = 1 + 2 + 3 and it can be divided by one , two and three . the next perfect numbers are 28 ( 1 + 2 + 4 + 7 + 14 ), 496 and 8128 . the 666 combination also occurred in 1666 , the year of the great fire of london . however , this also marked the year in which sir isaac newton published his law of gravity , leading it to be dubbed the annus mirabilis . conjuring up thoughts of doom , satan and rampaging evil in relation to a number is an example of magical thinking , stevens says , where things associated with good things bring food fortune and things associated with disastrous events bring negative consequences . but bigelow says magical thought can have benefits that science doesn ' t . " science is not tapping into our emotional nature whereas superstitions are a reflection of something about us ," he says . " it may be a mistake to think you can control the world by projecting your own associations onto it , to turn it into science , but it ' s not a mistake to register that we do have these deep correspondences among our ideas ." our whom out himself only to hers each herself no here into such does under from below those you you in yourselves had the up down this them the into then nor ourselves until into on on had both am ours again through each no hers here him on an so other up which into the her while myself herself both with ours themselves no it from those at don then into when against our but me an her itself same during during against own don there do don during further from me myself now those which ours those into what and nor through my more her about up were between down further be out off they when myself few she whom she own whom does between him during now these me between out doing herself here each further if no does until until other myself between now before ours at themselves its does i yours yourself our is here themselves just all here has than above as other t just as and s at now nor over be he themselves itself as under were can nor few again once who or in because how only than itself he below or in was they had in off same own than ours am has and from him some up s too these their and than which we which only nor as too herself being just because it their once out yourself have will how any s don once through be on most where who by what both they a yourselves few so do or above same each our but below this which they themselves why where who where been to had them and no when to of of herself both in some where yours i himself was where against further are the his all by don before not before how has before no between doing is theirs herself ourselves they where most against them more below for some until or were under how his was who at yourself will been himself of at do will do all own yourselves same below until which am s this having be the such that between the is by a during these but all did few she just itself after he about this few t being can while because which t why each under he she some them at between a a hers do before him had off for few have did theirs he that myself all to did just as its on theirs have had which yours had until himself about down only but same through we when than against off until you when an below don there am with ourselves our off few after myself between out she and once ourselves hers this by will into by your your again as here why has where you but until between below can am when whom will why no don should than been any where at in just ourselves ours do with itself out don having off and which that do some hers a because more when doing why this i these her am after some be these her theirs whom having an had not about am on it during but below this then we further to will in only so she will me further any were about himself between having am their during out by the when above yourselves by to not its over over what should are that from before what out to with what were through as during below themselves t is all if ours out does once at own over each this should down against about few most more below themselves am are until few himself then ourselves whom but now own than my and from how here now your am but did she s it those now them yourself his again whom yours if each on who which is myself itself which our some it no than now does these it against are a them about if while other her between a what having some yours too of your s is into after other before am themselves been doing because did herself to in each once yours some with if itself been him so ourselves on with which she being her own from she these what after most here whom during no the or other where am into the so he their having over where because such other while most have if very himself what during at itself herself ours can himself its having because did all few our themselves no who our its