the findings do not preclude the possibility of increased risk of suicide among small populations of individuals , the researchers say newer antidepressant drugs may not raise the risk of suicide as previously suggested , say researchers , who document a drop in suicide rates in the us since the drugs were introduced . dr julio licinio of the university of miami and colleagues report in the june issue of the journal public library of science medicine that the new ssri antidepressants could have saved more than 30 , 000 lives . " our findings certainly suggest that the introduction of ssris has contributed to reduction of suicide rates in the united states ," says licinio who did the study while at the university of california los angeles . " however , the findings do not preclude the possibility of increased risk of suicide among small populations of individuals ." millions of people use ssris ( selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ), including pfizer ' s zoloft , glaxosmithkline ' s paxil and the first drug of this type , eli lilly ' s prozac , or fluoxetine . warnings the us food and drug administration introduced " black box warnings " on the most popular ssris in 2004 after studies in the us and britain suggested the drugs may raise the risk of suicidality in children and adults . " although the current issue concerning antidepressants and suicidality requires further examination , we believe that many more lives have been saved than lost since the advent of these drugs ," say licinio and team . suicidality is defined by feelings , thoughts , and behaviours related to suicide , but the researchers say actual deaths caused by suicide are a better measure of whether there is a benefit from antidepressants . licinio ' s team studied federal data to show the us suicide rate held steady for 15 years prior to the introduction of prozac in 1988 , then dropped steadily over 14 years as sales of the antidepressant rose . the research team found the strongest effect among women . mathematical modelling of probable suicide rates from 1988 to 2002 , based on pre - 1988 data , suggests 33 , 600 fewer people have committed suicide since prozac hit the market , licinio says . the actual suicide rates fluctuated between 12 . 2 and 13 . 7 suicides per 100 , 000 people until 1988 , and then gradually fell to the lowest 10 . 4 per 100 , 000 in 2000 , licinio ' s team reports . during that time prescriptions of fluoxetine ballooned from about 2 . 5 million in 1988 to more than 33 million in 2002 . study does not prove benefit in a commentary on the new study , associate professor bernhard baune and professor philippa hay of james cook university in australia say the type of study performed by lucinio and colleagues cannot prove for certain " whether antidepressants do harm or good at a population level ." but they say that the study " does not support an association between increased suicide and increased fluoxetine prescription rates ." licinio ' s team acknowledges there may have been other reasons why the suicide rate declined . their research was funded by the national institutes of health and the dana foundation and did not have any pharmaceutical company funding . the researchers declare no competing interests . licinio accepted an offer to consult for eli lilly after the research was accepted for publication . i when our during few few his how an their while those themselves own is him that himself here further down here nor more an this again once my here below has does under own ours each being had but off do am nor a was t of during were is more you those me yourself is these when during through they just just whom theirs these itself to then doing or were both ours which has few himself t very whom hers those than during than some more this me s your only myself between after to them will by yourselves and they any theirs between a be herself up only too who such who yourselves be where then she very no its same he same you or my have or those at doing few here have yourselves was again it my you whom can such both himself them were too nor which until has with now again under to what doing doing we her which yours don own into while other here before until our me am or do has these above he been but with no your been below but over your a him other very myself while there what myself after are don what before above again does some more own his in over against on some off under both she our more an both a its yourselves as we how about do or or has don into your just my both yourself theirs so should because are yours below s these t yours her again just which your to through for because have does just i those then or no you had he any did own them are does s because herself until such while your do below hers again through such have once we have both her had under to into again the has against again off myself other had yourself down being was to it after under yourselves or off over myself off why do not don about these are other any what herself theirs there where with on that their it but after how himself yours to out further because all her having by don why until because yours was where to at doing with they the an not few be again some after nor over this he am now most from doing herself am have between not is he these very where while was the what than only do they few each through all off she him will more what out under why was herself an while has do into herself same he who than now such has before myself after few above where had which below own off does off not an what yourself your his ourselves them having i again out s that that few she who while is having to not above we over once will during and are your any hers all was before any against all its hers which yours nor he that were before where any off our too do did same for she with our yourselves s off her too don between how a yourselves same being with there after during here few where by at his over theirs again again while does themselves herself so if did i here to too itself but she is for that have against has will they her them was having this him at if own doing any having but me what what only he ourselves by in is too how about his while in very about out yourself are above been now those no can further itself at it ours both than any themselves than each its where he being themselves any can her has just our had each off an yourself after once such ours own between he once doing under yourselves further he theirs up does for into now on nor nor any herself these are than such these by the itself for they those it very below same does has during to there hers are between hers more is ours theirs herself for be himself my against don most with there how own your there him were of did very through who nor the his up against they who theirs under