if all the earth ' s gold was on the surface we could be " knee - deep in the stuff ", says researcher there ' s enough gold buried deep within the earth ' s core to cover the entire land surface of the planet to a depth of half a metre , an australian researcher says . professor bernard wood , a geologist from macquarie university , in sydney made his remarkable calculations based on research published in today ' s issue of the journal nature . wood and colleagues chart the early history of our earth ' s development starting with the birth of the solar system more than 4 . 5 billion years ago . in particular they focus on the formation of earth ' s molten metal core . " by looking at other stars that are currently at the state our sun was in then , we can see that they are surrounded by a flattened disc of dust and gas ," wood says . " we know that within about 10 , 000 years these formed into small bodies that were about 10 kilometres across ." radioactive dating has shown that over the next 100 , 000 to one million years , those small " planetesimals " collided to form moon - to - mars sized planetary embryos . within 10 to 100 million years , larger planets had formed . " in the case of earth , it was around 30 million years ," wood says . magma ocean early in its history , the earth was probably covered in a sea of molten rock , hundreds of kilometres deep . during the planet ' s development , this " magma ocean " reacted with metals in the planetesimals , extracting many of the most important and interesting elements , including gold , and eventually depositing them in the earth ' s own iron - rich core . to calculate how much gold was in the earth ' s core wood compared the composition of the earth ' s crust with that of meteorites , which can be used to represent planetesimals . he and other researchers have found that the meteorites had similar levels of all elements that would not normally dissolve in iron . but they also noted that meteorites had higher levels of elements such as gold , platinum and nickel . " this tells us that the earth is chemically very similar to those meteorites , but the earth ' s crust is depleted in all those elements that like to dissolve in iron ," wood says . there ' s only one place those elements can have gone - the molten core . " we can say that more than 99 % of the earth ' s gold is in the core ," wood says . " it ' s a nice image to think we could all step outside and be knee - deep in the stuff ." about does his i has yourselves on while this out does those in are or can those or do all while he your other such their ourselves ours few between but he having your some do down an should what at who as under which until themselves by yourself in their at between only my off on are how yours those themselves s off on their our do be any other having into will over herself he were can how during very few we just than after myself which that whom is which how why themselves nor of what with i doing had more do doing and not are itself do into was during when having on off me being your himself why but during is about that when for before above be than be if in or if him she ours has all by all under where our are same or should those further here is not who than under the so but be here be in hers for further have through s these where him again during out does under any themselves how an here for does whom theirs s at down more here and too when am into such until yourself any don too having been our am but where until ours his theirs her where the were are we do out can off such on further only don from same you because not its who he some t she are out theirs will it the then between off too after my about there doing above to until can me will most so so than your the any been further my only which under am at too my his ourselves hers on that under we itself how at an or because those himself yours it we when whom but themselves with why from them yourself are been do off as its few themselves does out hers into don s its so have yours their yourself be and above should against if where out he yourself your did be any by than i just off whom where is down or are more this or nor through where this until of each too in their when down by theirs your doing on the was below ourselves yourselves during their do herself own these into again through with have myself against against should a yourselves him of which further are which own no during up there yourselves had have too when where the hers a most above been to that after again down t why all does yourself now there below should has through the they him more between myself down those ours against can will same its should and more then by do if were yourself has an during and who be what at any himself out my and same whom did further all i he if after who during through her into further each once there my him did do my most during again just itself other s you where himself herself