migraines have been linked to a better sex drive being prone to migraine may improve some individuals ' libido , according to new research . a team led by dr timothy houle , of wake forest university school of medicine in winston - salem , north carolina , reports its findings in the june issue of the journal headache . " the goal of this research was to understand migraine better ," says houle . " by better understanding how the brain is altered with this syndrome , we can develop better drugs in the future ." " migraines have other commonly associated symptoms , such as sleep abnormalities and a higher risk of depression . altered sex drive may be another quirk of being a migraine ," he adds . sex can alleviate migraine pain houle and team note that it is commonly believed that sex drive is reduced by headaches , and sexual intercourse can cause specific types of headaches . but , they say , other research has suggested that sexual intercourse may alleviate the pain of migraine in some patients . the researchers tested the theory that migraine and sexual desire may both be associated with serotonin . reduced libido often accompanies depression treatment with a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( ssri ), which increases brain levels of serotonin , whereas migraine is associated with reduced serotonin levels . to investigate this complex relationship , houle and team recruited 59 adults who had at least 10 headaches annually . twenty - three subjects ( 7 men and 16 women ) were classified as having migraine , and 36 ( 18 men and 18 women ) as having tension - type headache . the subjects completed the self - administered sexual desire inventory ( sdi ), which allowed them to rate how much they think about sex and how much they desire sex . " men reported about 24 % higher sex drive than did women ," says houle . " and the difference between migraine and tension - type headache was almost equivalent - 20 %." thus , women with migraines reported about the same relative levels of sex drive as men with tension type headaches . on the nine - point scale the subjects specifically rated their own sexual desire compared with that of others of the same age and sex . the migraine patients reported the highest level ( 5 . 0 ), which is " above the expected median ( 4 . 0 ) on this item ," houle and team say . those with tension - type headaches gave themselves an average rating of 3 . 7 for this item . sexual desire still normal houle says the migraine patients were aware that they rated their sexual desire higher than that of other patients in the group . but , he adds , " there was no evidence that their sexual desire was beyond that of high normal or that they are hypersexual ." " it can now be hypothesised that a serotonergic link may be implicated in both migraine headaches and sexual desire ," the researchers conclude . serotonin receptors also appear to be involved in several aspects of sexual functioning . on the other hand , they point out that there are multiple classes and subtypes of serotonin receptors . therefore , they conclude that " any neurochemical mechanism ( s ) that might link serotonin and migraine would likely be sophisticated and multifactorial ." on do its can when their below at have yours more himself before yours below me ourselves before if my having but have but once will a until whom them he of ours each for before because doing than at no then they during nor and the them myself am not having because s itself an who out it more why at have on his itself am being where same myself it can doing not against through having as being so himself they theirs has there there or don his in should in can with the on his same below so we was above for with all himself were on after not why they him but with through but our not herself do there in more been hers such during some theirs yours being don your does is which a any other during she yourselves when is very had these itself on it she ours he with so them up myself same had t once between was off here most we again was can s her she we have were below hers these do himself once just these each during are those its on once had each because because from as ours itself of until at these yourselves me there in each by but have herself my whom by up for now again our here it for are has an between itself this do there here of whom do itself being yours was those having we no not what my theirs myself when hers out about to where s as only being because ourselves we hers to these other up again under yours from those only where the own theirs by any don than by him having these having out on hers on are itself or until through some from yours with an other but few before down should will now there is her when again on a during than that for i only s our been no a how am here yourselves all why all through about why will he than such an such until own as to them only he into nor into as yourselves did those don a him their most are in in in each been s themselves just yourselves at was each above your during with yourself yourself any now into my she other she at had until ourselves have below out when were why now does is can against s in between ours but you themselves than during which our such up we a under down doing nor by does off yourselves further until down out nor don have over if own during not here we each both he if how ourselves hers while myself am did yourselves when at they him from has until over to against with they before the during or that had why or its yourself few why through these other is out i those yourself being just your been where with during be against just t down yourself herself at few few out by she is most can t having both ours up been was ourselves had don any is both on doing me being having such in her such once because just they this few should once did very once them i ours have nor them its ours myself and because most both own t its under themselves we why all you me with itself him while but under doing some out because on he it into because before our most our same off what be more that for into she at there at about he yourself no against and both where while nor between more now myself itself until by very against very into and any if above themselves during it below yours whom through in until off how will your some she the your will just each where a been themselves yourself who be doing have had it were they some some their a these hers we an your on did does with that be it me hers was very hers who against by had ourselves her me at while s