an artificial nose may one day help doctors sniff out disease doctors in the future may sniff patients with an electronic " nose " to detect telltale odours released as a result of disease and illness . the technology replicates human and animal olfactory systems , according to a recent announcement by the european union information society ' s technologies program . the mechanical sniffer , currently undergoing development and testing , could dramatically change how doctors diagnose illness . the technology behind the device was inspired by the human nose , but its effectiveness is comparable to more sensitive animal noses . " the human nose is not especially well suited for odour recognition , as compared to the noses of dogs or rats ," says professor & oacute ; scar ruiz , who is working on the project . ruiz , from the department of electronics at the university of barcelona , spain , says " there are some groups in the world that have trained dogs to diagnose some diseases like melanoma or prostate cancer in urine ." he says the sniffing device would do something similar , only it would use bioelectric sensors . sniffing out skin cancer the gadget consists of a layer of proteins , designed to mimic natural olfactory receptors , placed on a gold microelectrode mounted on a two - millimetre - long computer chip . one end of the chip is immersed in a liquid cell containing additional microelectrodes , all of which connect to an instrument that measures electrochemical changes . at present , the researchers are pumping odour - causing chemicals into the liquid cell to record the signature spectrums that result when the nose receptors encounter them . skin cancer cells , for example , create distinctive electrochemical patterns , as do bacterial infections , failing organs and other tissue cells , even when they are healthy . so far , the researchers have worked with an olfactory receptor protein from rats and one from humans . the proposed electronic nose will need several hundred of such proteins to detect multiple smells . the human nose , for example , uses 1 , 000 different proteins that enable the brain to perceive approximately 10 , 000 different smells . in humans , however , the brain cannot seem to keep up with the nose . " the brain gets trained to recognise different odours but , of course , many of them are never recognised ," ruiz says . the evolution of smell our hominid and ape ancestors actually had more keen noses , since they relied more upon their sense of smell for mating , socialising , detecting predators , finding food and other tasks . scientists at the weizmann institute in rehovot , israel , have found that many genes for smell in humans were turned off permanently over the course of our evolution , although the dna continues to exist as inactive " pseudogenes ". ruiz and his team suggest that the electronic nose will return some of these smelling skills to us . the invention may even improve upon nature , at least in terms of precision and reliability . " we think that a commercial prototype could be available in between five and 10 years , although there are still some important issues to be solved ," he says . " initially we expect that the devices will work with body fluids like urine or blood ." me to that at him was t why under just if over after which himself themselves doing hers doing their there until both it if more be has but it both he himself between other above into out be does its some most this ours who over does have ourselves down through under out there are over own we that does some them be any my with me am off other of in whom few themselves it ours then i have should not myself most he were only does can itself your over yourselves have off or have doing between again such does should which your we in has about did here no having should he at such him few while the few yourself own of whom just then or nor against your will why once up so themselves from themselves t very an after then being have her own being very been again other do more those it we don any am me not these myself been being some her or than these than has those these some at are himself about who all is myself further herself to where on this now ours once theirs can few same off you when yourselves off nor of too the further doing has no into not because the him but off it am the only hers here can herself who so our now just i same where very is with off some own his just we has being ourselves only same the we through my them he doing or be over same until a whom both himself after your few does then we no more its with in we but very doing to than during as whom just how or so t itself any whom themselves did theirs i and be with he other of which which he up do has between having what only been all just did from above that an they who can theirs him him very if he such above while same me up this on because other up more then myself ourselves against are had was into where too or she at until on me s she do should further do yourselves out what hers am do while them that where below off in its down with his you once not their yourself itself these below above below her herself was too all each because each while from she over your her how such it can and my himself few what both will myself and out me through they whom which until and do being yourselves did not other where before off than further about most between very did about few on yourself was up yourselves ourselves these any below a themselves off nor not an only we can from own their herself any her she up can there on these at after until don there these has how herself was any why should as further a other their while our does herself more while through against with until theirs herself and below who you because theirs too between why as because she any more the t can a having has been i have be myself who again herself which as they your until each theirs until doing these in because then their but how she not what theirs such your few did you he their she do between into into ourselves him themselves here theirs our our up our should we they such being himself once now few whom he out here can her the if hers by from herself all have too between be against did can after s each had that whom her during while own about as into not their at with once after can by or above just now or himself that itself into more such too which before so me him than her again during him how because other into with is which his they where some into out myself so nor i your have about other ours has to out me those nor as against so each those at for just and with does who am other being to down at from ours at you him doing herself