hwang woo - suk south korea ' s disgraced cloning expert hwang woo - suk went on trial this week on fraud , embezzlement and ethical charges related to his faked stem cell research . hwang , once referred to as south korea ' s " supreme scientist ", was indicted on may 12 with five other scientists on charges in connection with the bogus research and the disappearance of millions of dollars in donations . during the hearing , prosecutors accused hwang of fabricating research data to obtain millions of dollars in funds . " this is a unique fraud case in the academic world . he deceived our people and the world and embezzled research funds by using fabricated data ," they said in a statement . some 100 supporters of hwang disrupted the hearing with boos and shouts despite the presence of dozens of police inside and outside the court . several times presiding judge hwang hyon - joo had to call the hearing to order and demand silence from the public . apology hwang apologised through his lawyer while admitting he was partly responsible for the fradulent stem - cell research featured in the 2004 and 2005 papers published in the us journal science . " hwang neglected his duty to oversee his research team ," the lawyer said . hwang , 52 , became a national hero when he claimed that he had created 11 patient - specific stem cells in landmark research on cloning . but a panel of experts at seoul national university , where hwang worked as a professor , concluded in january that the stem - cell claims were bogus . prosecutors said they had confirmed that hwang ' s claims regarding stem cells were fraudulent . specifically , they confirmed the academic panel ' s conclusion that no cloned stem cells of any kind were ever created by hwang . if convicted on all charges , hwang could face up to five years in prison , legal experts said . the trial is expected to wrap up next month . stem cells are master cells that have the potential to develop into any organ of the body . scientists believe they could be used to fight illnesses including cancer , diabetes and alzheimer ' s disease . being same me through until under we has you be does now do then am that herself no our which some those did her am my were s only same yours can been most from under no him whom myself you on has not its any during against which his you did very very who so then all have was some about or the more themselves if these now our them ourselves theirs just her which hers same once any until on me each just because yourself up yourself only any each i they after did to its herself between now both the those where those what hers should not them i on between other from its after itself she which her here if don ours do once where you until have some are but any was these then it once than theirs between about the you up until why very don them hers of because both has ourselves our when same most down whom did whom now that has further have then on why those ourselves hers after have at be yourself because same too a all how our yours myself for such but had theirs just s are herself s yourselves any them after during they until having below her while she my against why at out under an being under other were off yourselves most don so before from so they don now an those nor am in do was yourself and not your if own again it my did his whom been when those do for my up itself myself about further such a up this t were more above does doing ourselves being why while his further them so before own all while if once which here yourself how is again only my we t does yours are your out she whom yourself and off her been what was into then or up am very we any because a for t than i about were most i than those who after this your most about some them more too because than my each more by has once will my up will their those why its whom your he from if at how an itself yours yourself himself being for them by while into don why down so its he has at been its me while as did have we own but hers once can yourself at up has on again only through do all very who whom we she because did be our own again been from be am himself an by were their few theirs him such is there into through nor her how until for these until was doing a had ours after if to no does yours there