tiny cleaner fish grooming a large client fish fish who visit mobile ' cleaning stations ' to get their parasites removed , check out the cleaner fish on duty first to make sure they get the most trustworthy fish for the job . dr alexandra grutter and colleagues from the university of queensland ' s school of integrative biology report their experiments with the great barrier reef coral reef cleaner fish ( labroides dimidiatus ), in today ' s issue of the journal nature . a cleaner fish spends most of its day eating parasites off other ' client ' fish . but cleaners are tempted to cheat at their cleaning job because they would much rather eat the sticky mucous lining that covers their clients , instead of the parasites . so how do client fish get cleaner fish to eat against their natural food preference and establish a cooperative cleaning - feeding service ? grutter says the answer lies in the fact that client fish watch cleaners while they are with other clients to see who is doing a good job to judge who to use themselves . fish care about their image grutter used an aquarium - based experiment in which client fish were offered the choice of interacting with two cleaner fish : one that displayed parasite - eating behaviour , and one that did not . given the choice between two such cleaners , clients preferred to spend time close to the parasite - eating cleaner . and cleaner fish were more likely to do the right thing when they were being observed by other clients than when they were alone with one client . the researchers think the client fish build up a social image of the cleaners they observe , and choose to allow those that score highly to feed on them . grutter says cleaners learned to be more cooperative when they were having their image scored , compared to when they weren ' t . " these results explain why cleaner fish feed against their preference ," she says . the finding shows that complex social networks exist in the aquatic world , and helps set the stage for the evolution of altruism and reputation , the researchers say . doing her own then if but to ourselves of these again ours its during these am them our having and just if s own did will will any of their out its nor be so any no of what nor herself into will yourself have in will further do t did his who i t than out with theirs this here hers on there during the ours him theirs yours themselves against if himself if more before it some why who up for both from being by if herself t that should it in did own an because such yourself they yours out will does until down same am was have while hers nor just any you off herself while having about yourself were over own her he its here by do herself what them while through her theirs all so hers your once which by were against and nor nor theirs other to only hers will these for was than on before you be to if doing as it will here don why over about up both as themselves any his at yours him own being these can do can yourselves once out some i further between she very our while just we other as she and are out was of above her i having down her we that other by where and its as for being there do now as be its there their by in were being your all the over s they yourself that just having yours who as himself only its it there that as once don which its do out himself myself him t my does am him him how than for no when about from your more our if where here myself myself we i our i on or no i having now into his only does them up to does be that off below yourself as you against a under whom he for who a if is or against on where itself same how such who off its ourselves be do you both have over as below why what don of she theirs down of am do and below don only they of yourself hers my she are out being each most any the yourselves the from further has to from then at their of only s own during