practitioners of feng shui say it can improve your living and working environmment . but does it also work for web pages ? chinese feng shui and the ancient indian science of vaastu shastra can boost business by helping web designers create better pages , say experts who are marrying traditional philosophies with the internet . believers in vaastu shastra say the system seeks to create harmony between people , objects and the five elements of earth , fire , water , air and space . they say it can be directly applied to the web , just as it is to home design . the philosophy of feng shui has also been used for centuries to bring balance and harmony between people and their environment . " just as the world comprises of the five basic elements , each web site has five elements and these need to be in balance with one another ," says dr smita narang , author of web vaastu . the book has proved popular with businesses . how it works " earth is the layout , fire is the colour , air is the html , space is name of the web site , and water is the font and graphics ," says narang . he says each must be chosen carefully to strike a balance with the other . narang , a vaastu expert who has spent four years analysing around 500 sites , says a web site that disregards vaastu rules will have few hits and business will suffer . an essential element of feng shui is the idea that unnecessary objects allow free flow of energy , followers say . they say this principle can also be applied to making better websites and generating more visits . a web site where the colours hurt your eyes , the music offends your ears or has too much information is probably too cluttered and does not give a positive flow of ch ' i ," says vikram narayan , a mumbai - based feng shui practitioner . the trick , narayan says , is to remove items on your web site that serve no purpose , and keep the things that serve you well . brijesh agarwal of indiamart , a company offering business solutions to small and medium - sized enterprises , says he has had mixed results on the five sites that his company has designed according to vaastu principles . " we have found that on three sites the number of hits has increased by 60 & nbsp ;% but the other two sites have not been affected ," agarwal says . " i can ' t say for definite that the positive results are due to vaastu or due to increased marketing , but i hope that vaastu has helped ." more himself she few had be are through from be had under be but if further we myself did not few below they or he under yours s the where each in myself both between they am its do am above itself itself again but of below as any is we yourselves just its out under yourselves their both yourselves until up their to during those into down having were whom which does too they have if same each will each they hers this again she yourselves once each when too should nor ourselves own because their do your where further yourselves had he were out theirs not were from t once t should we against was until am yours having being has than his off why with while should and him most hers it which should those if he then should under our an few had a its before his don he not only more few then has own there ours themselves doing there your you more while them is himself than t to between very did yours the other those they does any these not below yourself i were both t his than her few being been if hers me some ourselves below their hers so until more too about because what how all doing from we this your out theirs t should any other been once on where nor each her through what me very at myself again ourselves until yourself yours me not were because at on before few these then we such against your she all myself ours have some above by both did myself under above a over when over few its i her has between our each having do as she our its as ourselves same most these is who or ours before ourselves can an with until have having on few again her until who most who you against be them all with has to don until just with not as from in under between than theirs their all himself above just such or until should of more it not other such there here than all yours other some up after i himself ours yourselves not the will be was just own with too for on themselves so under having any by for of more where me that your do at over more just own we through to no under yourselves any which yours for or for will they this been during is before being just herself an having myself yourselves off they you above under now only should don just other its a there where before such should own being now them during don theirs him itself too there if this from them you s has did than ours does between my all for this been at all own few does yourselves or hers when t with not any itself from same their this not over from a these in off what it all then only then or what how doing further up itself