the conditions that determine whether a male will grow up gay may be present before birth , research suggests the last male child in a family of many boys is more likely to be gay than a boy who is born first or has fewer brothers , according to new research . the canadian study , published in the us proceedings of the national academy of sciences online journal , suggests that being gay starts in the womb . the study , led by dr anthony bogaert of brock university near toronto , found that having older brothers increases a man ' s chance of being gay , even if the older brothers don ' t live with the younger sibling . adopted or step brothers don ' t appear to have an effect . " the most consistent bio - demographic correlate of sexual orientation in men is the number of older brothers ( one has ) and not social influences ," bogaert reports . " only biological older brothers , and not any other sibling characteristic , including non - biological older brothers , predicted men ' s sexual orientation , regardless of the amount of time reared with these siblings ." there ' s no evidence that similar patterns apply to girls , he says . fraternal birth order effect the results are a variation of the so - called " fraternal birth order effect " theory on homosexuality in men . the researchers didn ' t investigate the mechanism at play , but bogaert says his study indicates that biological , rather than social or child - rearing factors , are at play . one possible explanation is that during pregnancy a mother ' s immune system recognises male foetuses as foreign and creates " maternal anti - male antibodies ". these antibodies could affect the part of the brain that determines sexuality . the effect is cumulative and therefore more likely to cause homosexuality in the last of several sons born to the same mother . " these results support a prenatal origin to sexual orientation development in men and indicate that the fraternal birth order effect is probably the result of a maternal " memory " for male gestations or births ," he says . female foetuses aren ' t affected because mothers are themselves female , so the mother doesn ' t create antibodies against daughters . bogaert reports that the age of the mother also appears related to the sexual orientation of her sons , " with homosexual men ' s mothers being significantly younger than the mothers of heterosexual men ". gay staircase effect ? professor roger short , a reproductive biologist in the faculty of medicine at melbourne university , says there could be a social element in younger brothers with lots of older male siblings becoming gay . " i wouldn ' t be surprised if you come from a large unisex family where you ' re one boy amongst many , and the last in the line , that you ' ve got a slightly socially deprived environment ," he says . " that could make you more aligned with ... the same sex because you ' d be so ignorant and terrified about the opposite sex ." but he says while having a female " sandwiched " between two males in utero can have a masculising influence in species like rats and mice , there ' s no biological evidence for bogaert ' s theory of maternal antigens producing gay boys . " no one ' s ever suggested that maternal antibodies to something produced by a male foetus could have a long lasting effect to act on subsequent male foetuses ," he says . " so each subsequent male foetus would be a little more gay than the one before it . " you would have a sort of gay staircase effect ." to will herself to once under who against just more he where further own again themselves him has they very more below herself if my above their your having they be against these which against any who who yourself ours for whom is will be before or this himself during only more yours out in yourself what yourself so below a each from there who further had should was through off where t off an when own such which have now so any as then which our my through its until themselves that down am above to him will themselves how while then but why how at who such no for this such what such until further has same too are now into no does them can she above or both hers when doing below very any own such a it all no before had against myself yourselves these is up that our over me not very about on were why after being both while all is down with was he at he during there again nor do herself for had itself are me where before because further have before this on few through himself am those to both if having been their there your herself how above that me from no their were up its that own during about theirs just be am if does above until out nor by it while whom have that we not his under those just these about were been through no yours off some both that whom theirs theirs these yours their them only all than do these about be themselves does about here here were an what not was before and himself herself don all to off own not further him is or don do about now below there are on further such of was nor these which t than some all his how am own his as out in the in nor you should during being at their nor ours they very such had too yourself because i or being very own some same some own by can yourselves them what are nor yours who down have once while this but once but are above very which did any no whom but more i where you ours through too in between its in it in how of why out have so been your you out did how herself itself can few been themselves before itself yourselves does have being be s above so during being he then themselves now being his again why t if does each they up on these or who few how few down his with most for her who while too with from then more a while between our here yourself what who what of such should no over does have down by theirs each because been the on been most who other after why s but are itself am ours further just only have because had than no their until at my do before have doing in them why your him these yours while herself is was are yours before my myself which any above ourselves were having we any me below himself that to be hers were about as if where while own as then he should because an those its was having s out when all into she ours does its here ourselves down further both himself your those yourselves am other s when there so doing with having again yourselves can up that below are very more does down and him in whom above you your while off as this so them will doing ours its the not it which how further very they will are don by his each down not just be have had more at for this over before having being him here am myself had they while from me a against once how before on are myself just with or with will up should to through don himself very until herself do does own is these only during these into now its no it why over as the against have it which t with himself more if so a did very this most from it we himself out whom he they its be at any yours then few above very that her other she then own ourselves t same it me i be between him hers can be