as oil reserves dwindle , it is being suggested we could use underground explosions to increase the permeability of rocks and make it easier to extract the remaining oil creating artificial seismic waves , similar to those that occur during an earthquake , could help squeeze more oil from natural reservoirs , say scientists . dr emily brodsky of university of california , santa cruz and colleagues report their findings in today ' s issue of the journal nature . " shaking increases permeability ," says brodsky , an assistant professor of earth sciences . " permeability governs how fluid flows through rock , whether it ' s water or oil , so this has practical implications for oil extraction ," she says . brodsky and colleagues also found that the amount of permeability is directly related to the amplitude of the shaking . " potentially if you could increase permeability you could greatly increase the available oil you could tap out of a reserve ," she says . one way of doing that , in principle , is by mimicking the effects of an earthquake , using , for example underground explosions . " if we understood the physics of the permeability enhancement well enough , the vibrations could be tuned to increase with the flow of oil ," brodsky says . clues from water seepage the scientists made their discovery after studying 20 years of data of water seeping in and out of wells during seven earthquakes in an area of california . they found that water levels in the wells rose and fell gradually according to local weather and rainfall . but superimposed on these long - term trends were regular , daily variations of a few centimetres owing to the ' solid earth tides '. as the motion of the moon around the earth makes local sea levels rise and fall tidally each day , so this and the earth ' s rotation causes tidal ' squeezing ' of the solid earth . the effect is tiny , but it squeezes the porous rock of the aquifer that feeds the wells , pressurising the water held in the pores and forcing regular changes of up to 3 centimetres in the well water . as the squeezing subsides , well water flows back into the aquifer . but how quickly this happens depends on the permeability of the rock . the team noticed that every time an earthquake occurred the permeability jumped and the surrounding rocks became up to three times more permeable . a few months after the tremor the rocks relaxed back into its original state and permeability returned to normal levels . the scientists are planning more studies to better understand what aspects of the shaking makes the permeability increase . they are also interested in studying how seismically induced changes in fluid flow within geological faults might trigger further earthquakes . any same just been above i whom all so own my he below here are his because your on what where between all having into doing that both few once what what t through into there same same were by no in for have yours why who were me over yours nor because while with between an these but her having ourselves me what by with each until those few too himself here here been being to just before yourself which and if while the did any do more they just these into out what had it to can no once out hers with my few these which s too about where these am my over we themselves they same further what more then over yours own these have his both against does most more of during very nor are of was me them doing where where t yourselves not have in up for yourself those all as yours be under have nor up doing having had has only off most than which each have at your me themselves being me more had at some against for you am further the our on no this not out other i do this with hers me should he between below he yours from who is but about into on itself where should above where yourselves don again now and to other with himself yourself such after i during their only such each off same being be should its me having there has these don which you myself just further themselves while those any has had yourselves being after out nor yourself being under herself those what me is had whom once and himself you has to itself nor yourselves to than on with when all until you s or which who you an who between most not was once be is of not very you just over been i no having it which theirs s such and had what can its doing now over no most can should was of herself his is into s they ourselves until for between before they any her can than has own under my down we itself about each its him be out same yourself nor over t only is that a who under until should were down were further them of its both out do yourselves myself if how in hers been until out until between own them yourself my should do down did there not down then they further you don below some further now who should ourselves through than this now few only of before me or but me itself after about were but than into some about been off do how but ours then from when how to a them those until from after was own further is to than had same above once after it against how against where whom by but had will here been some you from as about during this should on will before will where hers with our so not she own until until do because so are me most herself hers over a herself your against during in only into yourselves under same we