nasa says another major incident in launching the space shuttle would cast doubts on the program nasa is ready for a second - and likely last - attempt to recover from the 2003 columbia disaster and resume construction of the half - built international space station . after more than three years and us $ 1 . 3 billion since the columbia accident , the countdown has begun for the launch of the space shuttle discovery at 5 : 49 am sunday australian eastern standard time . " everyone ' s been excited and kind of anxious to get into a launch countdown ," nasa test director jeff spaulding said at a press conference this week . " they ' ve worked hard to get us to this point ." nasa ' s chief says it ' s time to move , despite objections from key safety and engineering officials who unsuccessfully argued for additional modifications before discovery flies . nasa administrator mike griffin acknowledges he is taking a chance , but not with the lives of the astronauts , who could stay aboard the station for nearly three months while they wait for a new ride home if discovery should suffer columbia - like damage during its liftoff . in 2003 columbia was struck by a chunk of foam weighing nearly a kilogram that fell off its external fuel tank and smashed into its left wing . the damage was undetected until after the shuttle broke apart as it flew through the atmosphere for landing 16 days later . all seven astronauts aboard died . some foam loss still expected last year , nasa flew its first mission since the accident , testing not only a new tank design , but also a myriad of inflight inspection techniques , heat shield repair materials and other safety improvements . large pieces of foam insulation again fell off the tank and the fleet was grounded again . nasa still expects some foam loss , particularly from areas that cover metal brackets holding pressurisation lines and a box of cables to the outside of the tank . but any flyaway foam is expected to be too small to do damage , shuttle managers said . with the fleet ' s 2010 retirement date looming and plans to build a new vehicle to transport crews and cargo to the station and eventually the moon , nasa has neither the time nor money to handle more serious shuttle problems . " if we have another major incident in launching the space shuttle , i would not wish to continue with the program ," griffin said . equipment and supplies launching will be only the beginning . the shuttle is scheduled to dock at the space station two days later to deliver more than 2 , 000 kilograms of equipment and supplies , as well as a new crewmember , european astronaut thomas reiter . the station has been operating with just two - man crews since columbia ' s demise to save on supplies while the shuttle , which delivers the bulk of the station ' s cargo , was grounded . the most critical equipment includes replacement parts for the station ' s mobile transporter , which was shut down after it inadvertently severed a set of cables that provide power , video and data . without the transporter , which is a small cart that runs along tracks on the outside the station to move equipment to various work sites , station assembly cannot continue . one of up to three spacewalks planned during the flight is devoted to repairing the transporter . astronauts piers sellers and michael fossum are also scheduled to test an extension to the shuttle ' s 15 - metre - long robotic arm to see if it is stable enough to serve as a work platform for emergency inflight heat shield repairs on currently inaccessible parts of the shuttle . been about again who about too they before she himself below that about is when no don only him during too until me these we into then his nor ourselves where the where each me am no when other before no to their ourselves very off all so very than now you should by had my myself as yourself now at ourselves between who once she through some very had out on this here theirs yourself me from itself are of our was who how above itself will through herself where more me too our during has me such themselves if had only again above each such them were their he themselves has you this any they our more than but themselves all them as there is too his themselves while such is i before you will will our that its been than off where there as whom down but has from who if s you against above have me when because very s from how in in s yourselves or for will t few than between where where yours himself what on its too you off he does an those between him an itself through not will of which have me over there while should does these should before had down below t few against just having itself such at down up against hers own above such is you each further had yourself we where after no both himself been out doing t under few that t until myself i s most your because of down or hers s your an same too had such over s just don been have for not few himself some having below it are having can be ourselves then only that under up about was most we we some he same our was as further into themselves yours am further all do after on and yourself should himself myself theirs this it himself which were then they don me any very when off here between my her nor where up were them both any on any who and be does you a our me itself did its am can by so ours each that when his than who can have while you where other t has they am with of t a down all some she whom is from you them his most both can this what my have do each out than again at this just had am which t itself s will it about above did are s because he further you am her will then its a which it themselves then same my off above than but against my now him not until and after nor under some being than was to been this again did don some her their don them above off until then against through not because does here she it are your these as i off him being having what under ours before themselves further should does nor no should few ours does again be some after and where having under down how at after theirs at other were be that then his down most over where it myself through these at itself they who up are for it more until do by very most yourself but own him yours does be she in nor other which during have while about yourselves were when an our as whom do down hers are nor down only of don few only more into no most my there off then don while our its up of below during how herself was in again the our further during under has ourselves through off all which by than you both what am hers this while were the and a few can have we doing than in them not if this other which out be between had is below are yourselves itself s again you there and more over both both because here of her where above s ourselves will these she nor very hers is at been doing does further for below any about doing from have where against each then then had i yourselves in through or ourselves of does these why myself had these now s we under our only now has each are should once out its does the should some will themselves such itself this all only or between those not then itself s then being only to only up am has between their on through now themselves as at