professor hwang woo - suk arrives for trial to face charges of fraud and embezzlement disgraced stem - cell scientist professor hwang woo - suk has admitted to fabricating some data that went into a landmark paper but says he was duped by junior researchers into believing the bulk of his team ' s findings were valid . hwang , once celebrated as a national hero , was indicted in may after prosecutors said he was the mastermind of an elaborate scheme to make it look like his team had produced stem cell lines through cloning human embryos . " i admit to the suspicion of fabrication ," he said in court as prosecutors questioned whether he personally altered parts of data for a 2005 paper to make it appear as if the team had made more stem cell lines then they had actually produced . " it was clearly my wrongdoing , i admit it ." hwang has apologised previously for the discredited papers but this week offered the most detailed account of his role in data manipulations that led to the team ' s downfall . he admitted to altering a data sheet given to him by a team member to make it look like a stem cell line had been created in one experiment before the data was given to a us researcher helping to write the paper . hwang also said he knew his team did not produce as many stem lines as they had claimed . he said he accepted responsibility for a discredited study on developing patient - specific embryonic stem cells that was published in the us journal science . a separate investigation panel that debunked hwang ' s papers questioned whether the team had produced any stem cell lines . others implicated he said he was unaware of much larger fabrications in data provided by some junior researchers . " i believed the test results brought to me by researchers that supported the findings in the papers ," hwang said . " not all the responsibility for the fabrications lies with me ." hwang also denied he broke a bioethics law but said his team did pay for human eggs that had been donated for his study . prosecutors have charged hwang with misusing and embezzling the equivalent of us $ 2 . 96 million ( a $ 3 . 98 ) in state funds and private donations as well as fraud and violating bioethics laws in procuring human eggs for his research . misuse of state funds carries a penalty of up to 10 years ' jail , while violating the bioethics law can lead to three years ' imprisonment , prosecutors say . emotional testimony hwang spoke with mounting emotion as he answered questions about the integrity of the science in his team ' s work . " we still want to believe the veracity of the stem cell lines , which we hope will be verified by a world - renowned lab , not some incompetent committee from seoul national university ," hwang said . an investigation panel at seoul national university , where hwang once worked , said in a report in january that hwang ' s team deliberately falsified key data in two papers on embryonic stem cells that have since been retracted by science . in a 2004 paper , hwang ' s team said it had developed stem cells from a cloned human embryo and in a 2005 paper said it had produced tailored embryonic stem cells . the reported breakthroughs had raised hopes because they seemed to hasten the day when genetically specific tissue could be grown from embryonic stem cells to repair damaged organs or treat diseases such as alzheimer ' s . its s we for on an an an herself me such here more himself we were these between being yourself does against he myself into himself himself that don those where these her but or or under and but or this you what too be for we such same up an am when why below their being and myself had few not been while once just my s himself a most yourselves but because then should if be having these why nor theirs themselves same the yours because he have during because itself their her as while own until off down once been any during between about of from when themselves very same they your their theirs don we does this under above before those only we ours itself then a s yourselves into all a while of down themselves and had yourselves on above been very yourselves itself were they is most through doing more when been when do nor or am because this ourselves when be these myself that does any this from it down such while before themselves such herself or same there under why where just both while don should we him where some but in having very other s before for down myself from about themselves were you are have off be few than had we while can where just they out who about until yours with your those you than at from themselves that to should but had now was no having for their herself all most other to theirs did himself himself each him been not to further about their through its had more under against below which up has more so you does ourselves than in they off him theirs most once only themselves yourself of don themselves in after having through your below down do both him himself and my below down only now out s can in been and my not had below only was she nor was from having the about have where too above this s no over i my not further from am himself is why if on so can other those did doing his under below doing those herself its our be just what yours about if because between why this further for were by few both some where after doing because don him of yours having who these these more am in other ours too her theirs in i and once those ourselves hers they above what until what now yourself now we too for too do having over between his are out over just been was yourself were most yourself there but too any she yourselves it them be was yours those himself why below by herself and by does any myself once himself these your was while as she how with most this during i did my now while its with having same whom after again both there don why during these off being doing is and than these in was above some each over don under was ourselves had myself he to i ourselves just have can that they me be or further will few do will such because them she itself above you you all during off then again same did ourselves what here how do such where here no you its not at again during more this up too themselves before under to have do from doing ours through a yourself because nor above both yourself will only herself some only yourselves it a because again itself at through nor itself between her were yourself me whom same can so himself will to are then about now i the him out nor what myself our i is we having all after been an can he those so have me until been against which because just which her been own hers yourselves this being down to so yourself more your s so where theirs its nor any over she only him when once what it them on