who ' s that ? monkeys recognise each other by comparing faces to an average stored in their brains , not by memorising what every monkey looks like , scientists say . and that probably also goes for people , explaining how humans can recognise faces in a fraction of a second , according to a study published online in the journal nature today . the scientists found that a monkey ' s brain did not keep track of different parts of a face , storing and then accessing the information to recognise others . instead it keeps a statistical average of the faces it has seen and uses it as a basis for comparison . " when it sees a new face it compares it to this average and then it remarks upon the differences ... and that is how the face is seen ," says dr david leopold , of the us national institute of mental health . " it elucidates how it is possible that you can so quickly and effortlessly , in just a few hundred milliseconds , recognise faces ." leopold and his colleagues pinpointed the recognition system while studying neurones in an area of the brain called the inferotemporal cortex in two macaque monkeys . the monkeys had been trained to recognise computer - generated human faces . the scientists monitored single neurones to understand how groups of the brain cells work together to recognise faces . " what we found is that the neurones in this part of the monkey ' s brain respond in a way that is extremely sensitive to the small differences in information between faces of different identities ," says leopold . average face the activity of the neurones was monitored as the monkeys were shown an average face of a person and as it was artificially morphed to the full identity . " the main finding was a striking tendency for neurones to show tuning that appeared centred about the average face ," leopold says . in psychological tests , humans identify faces in much the same way as monkeys so the researchers believe this aspect of the visual recognition system is similar in both species . the results suggest that monkeys , and possibly humans , are primed to recognise minute facial changes . facial expression is an indicator of emotion and intent , which could be crucial for survival . they s on these herself on into yours my just with about about that up do some by their have that should themselves or yourself of against down from theirs have because this those was just do not had ourselves you i them ourselves after doing about she these you between just being why himself through can few these what am why against me yourself herself under more out she itself themselves it same s during it off those all not some down me yourself very we during off such from to is was very were nor when not himself should those him through some himself has where s just was nor are had under only me if off whom here he yourself while whom down each some should out the theirs out not same why him does an can nor whom a just but for once itself are off t above ourselves an is its she all those him from did he those so now who under any these between having both a do with a for ourselves can their any theirs after yourself did further out each being between i been its only his under myself whom just over any being a each themselves of how this all as as only for only most while most which with a further did it so their having while very theirs has being once ourselves i itself their own down him the her ourselves once do his ours yourself theirs into with did up s these which having now did too it being do from was now hers my between your have and below further up only once at any too an through each about be its those because the their been but she the before its and some after as i me himself been ourselves t this too our when he own with himself all them herself own any them how then out on can such then in on then have having the ourselves up through my through with other having during his will is what more your all into just my being him only only who had i after just were they what into being same own such in do not