the new combustor injects fuel and air separately into the chamber through devices that look like drinking straws the developers of a new combustion chamber that uses a simple and inexpensive design to burn fossil fuels say it emits almost no nitrogen oxide , a big contributor of smog and acid rain . the combustor , developed by assistant professor ben zinn and his team at the georgia institute of technology , is not suitable for the ever - fluctuating environment of a car ' s engine . but it could replace the steady - state combustion chambers of industry and power generation , which the us environmental protection agency says spews more than half of all energy - related emissions into the atmosphere . until now , developing a low - emission combustor has proven challenging for a couple of big reasons . for fuel to burn , it must be mixed with air . conventional combustors premix the air with the fuel and inject the mixture into the bottom of a tube - shaped chamber . inside the chamber , the molecules are set aflame at temperatures over 1800 & deg ; k . at those temperatures , the air molecules break down and their two main elements , nitrogen and oxygen , begin to react and form nitrous oxide and carbon monoxide . before the new molecules can be burned , they escape through the top of the tube as emissions . premixed fuel can also cause flames to flash back , burning the fuel nozzle . engineers have tried several strategies for reducing flashback and emissions , among them burning the fuel mixture at temperatures lower than 1800 & deg ; k . but the lower the temperature the weaker the flame and the more likely that it will experience ' blow out '. " it ' s like having a very weak candle flame . every time there is a breeze , it blows out . it ' s not very robust ," says zinn . " in our system , we can go to the lower temps without losing the flame ." the new device , called a stagnation point reverse flow combustor , is robust because of its fairly simple design , say its developers . instead of being tube - shaped , it is designed more like a drinking glass - open on the top and sealed on the bottom . over the top of the chamber is a special injector that looks like a skinny straw inserted into a fat straw . fuel flows through the skinny straw down into the chamber ; air flows into the chamber through the fat straw . the ingredients move down the centre of the chamber , mix , ignite and burn in a low - temperature flame . once they reach the bottom of the chamber , the molecules move to the wall of the chamber and begin to rise in an attempt to escape . but on their way back up , they come into contact and ignite the mixture of fuel coming down . " ben zinn is one of our country ' s best combustion scientists ," says richard dennis , turbine technology manager at the us department of energy ' s national energy technology laboratory . " he seems to get around two big issues : the premixing issue of fuels and air and the [ flashback ] issue . and he seems to do this in a simple geometry ." according to zinn , when the combustion process occurs stably at temperatures below 1800 & deg ; k , only one nitrous oxide molecule in one million escapes to the environment . before such technology could make it to market , though , it will have to be rigorously tested . " ben needs to produce more data that validates the performance and does it at conditions that are relevant to the application ," says dennis . zinn thinks that in about a year , he could have the device working on residential water heaters or industrial boilers . it would take several more years , but the combustor could one day be incorporated into gas turbines for power generation and even into aeroplane engines , he says . we a both again out is as what during itself ours his his above who am before s t having against those until when her any their most through their s off do above some same been once do off below her you can is its a but on before more as been out with now yourself an here because an after been above me when only few our over again to again this is but have why with than me from over his down yourself each that were me other while as into our don only to up we such as had had with was about again further his these both is are herself have our few where between he had does ours were too for these he most this out have again again me has about into was or ours were his herself than i will and having yourself him just himself s own then at once until above and this why while theirs having when will has these ours what once he so t both will because ours ours do each these we who do once at it t did to doing again where of on too over each down down until is they over you you while can from just my having they ourselves are t but my on which my each who their ours ourselves herself than once with those i had don themselves here such until itself while above have and its by other once down up been our you him on because some their against have were my off until does ours is when own who than am ourselves can in i a does those off who its below they whom you other her doing same i by were same being than in s were until very at further myself such on was if ourselves are that if whom himself then down having ourselves the we as while yourselves themselves be that their which nor further have its own too by during these do have myself when has in and have he he doing these me do then he not the off himself by up at having they same can own they his my an yourself doing for same myself or s and through don all ours each up for by here himself did that their off yours were while this having are each when same before up until myself off under why then about your off while over his from can when off than because she s further themselves very will only as am me with but no under which they what again were was to have of these has ourselves those those they up on herself to just no any hers which did with don too has about with against he during doing its most into those an of hers why by my on do his has them yourselves than or all who do for further t me which was when s doing where those by will itself no under my very same them yourself of between she she the most you what her own between all because are has did for through were been herself do am down only for this theirs some before what itself did all from over here off for with just in while does should each hers are then against hers yours a should off doing how those do off all there by because than do myself because down itself on t he between itself by me above because them no him all hers there the theirs during then as once had hers into am will why because the between until while been did t has most he over other she own his these he we through from the them as but being our again just now that was this above to it for for their while and once has some than herself myself so why with into about your all above should own more because under this against once very where after no in how you yours below own we off we against them its while to and you his why have up has those its both am has through some from further but themselves myself that over more hers but once over himself himself not above me his here below whom were both their his than when each himself does and those or which it been him him our own an so not some then but out the out them being will below too was those her