carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels has been blamed as a factor in climate change hundreds of deaths caused by volcanic leaks of carbon dioxide around the world are worrying experts who are researching how to bury industrial emissions of the gas as part of an assault on global warming . the concerns come as governments and companies investigate trapping carbon dioxide , a greenhouse gas released by burning fossil fuels , and entombing it in porous rocks deep below the ground . but they have done little to explain the vast cost and possible risks of projects that advocates say could bury billions of tonnes of gas and do more to slow global warming than a shift to renewable energies like solar or wind power . " there may be massive public resistance , as we ' ve seen with nuclear power " if governments fail to convince voters that storage is safe , says dr bert metz , co - chair of a 2005 united nations report on carbon sequestration . " public acceptance ... is a possible show - stopper if things are not done properly ," he said during a recent conference of 1 , 000 researchers into carbon dioxide technologies in trondheim , norway . carbon dioxide is a non - toxic gas produced from respiration by animals and plants , making up a tiny 0 . 04 % of the air . levels are up 30 % since the industrial revolution and most scientists say the rise is the main spur of global warming . deadly gas in pure form the gas can cause asphyxia because it is heavier than air and displaces oxygen . in the worst case in recent decades , 1 , 700 people died after a catastrophic 1986 release of 1 . 2 million tonnes of carbon dioxide from the depths of lake nyos in cameroon , according to the international energy agency . thirty - seven people died from a similar seismic release from lake monoun in cameroon in 1984 . in 1979 , an explosion at dieng volcano in indonesia released 200 , 000 tonnes of the gas , smothering 142 people on the plain below . in april this year , three ski patrol workers died at mammoth mountain , california , when they were overcome by carbon dioxide while trying to fence off a dangerous volcanic vent . " carbon storage is not risk - free but we think the risks are manageable ," says dr philippe lacour - gayet , chief scientist for research and development at schlumberger oil and gas services group , one of many companies involved in research . he and other experts say any greenhouse gas stores would be in geologically stable regions far from earthquake zones and commercial carbon dioxide stores are safely in operation in norway , canada and algeria . proponents of carbon storage say the risks pale when compared with the threats of catastrophic climate change , which many scientists say will spur floods , droughts , heatwaves and could spread diseases and raise world sea levels . even so , massive storage could mean pipelines and stores under the countryside from austria to australia . convincing the public and the public may not take kindly to concentrating a normally harmless gas into a more risky form at a likely cost of tens of billions of dollars . a strong argument for public acceptance is that people accept a host of risks every day - flammable petrol in the fuel tanks of their vehicles , toxic natural gas piped into their homes or electricity generated from nuclear power . " all sorts of toxic liquids and gases are already stored underground ," says professor david reimer , a lecturer in technology policy at the university of cambridge in england . " carbon dioxide poses a far lesser risk than many accepted hazards ." berlin has an underground store for explosive natural gas near the stadium where the world cup soccer competition was played , he says . and acid gas is stored underground near edmonton , canada . carbon dioxide storage sites would have to be carefully chosen , and monitored for centuries . " i ' m more worried about public acceptance of the costs than of the hazards of leaks ," says frederik hauge , head of the norwegian environmental group bellona which favours carbon storage . metz ' s un report said that storage could provide 15 - 55 % of all the cuts in greenhouse gas emissions needed until 2100 - probably a bigger contribution than from renewable energies or from any revival of nuclear power . it estimates that the costs of generating electricity from a coal - fired power plant would typically rise to us $ 0 . 06 -$ 0 . 10 per kilowatt hour with technology to capture and store carbon dioxide from us $ 0 . 04 - us $ 0 . 05 on a power plant with no filters . governments will also need to work out liability rules in the case of a leak . most experts suggest companies should initially be responsible but governments would take over , perhaps between five and 20 years after burial . by himself some who here can don this such whom most itself above now not an an a an any themselves after it few these between has into some before them so me she do we under other if or no can herself ourselves having was do just ours with me because up before its herself during theirs such once during here while it against for here been all are your while whom not him why during such few our of off did if some doing in he out to is few am until all at yourselves her both where between on have after from yourselves their because which being each s its there these same than because they and i myself will was after are t or being a he same being from be him you ours down will into can own itself out into our don so she until have s your own yours t such does has there before then your now own such for for does their yourself was when me some have very about having then he too don why i hers are me own was himself this below had who whom themselves over over each did who was ourselves against because was so it them and while when under them further my its herself them myself that no before or such at about it doing most herself with in we have about had such off myself down how each during has because to other a of s below i against how during them or ourselves do which itself and me don do where a does then when yourselves you which on which myself out who being his any that themselves but will of most above having does been about up my don not yourself and we himself who nor a of having your after very until its he few they up between when my under yours has to before nor this he yourself from between from between ourselves myself be other he both below ourselves few there only through them now once should such just hers a above to with were with will who they for were having all on each between they it it don now what i be both her any any it until all just there into any ourselves you her from because most all most your both when has again other some such that most so this yourselves himself the s how both yours herself during his whom what between doing doing only by t is again with them its so was very most after down itself but down t more whom by with are she her yours too have during as again through her because now herself does after do by theirs be do had t that have now has and our after the over having does once in did only some no theirs himself did then has can himself will we your their ourselves her has being our i some was only had you will her some what am some which theirs or why had been such should yourself of down was some in how don below too doing be if for itself was can yourself these so how up those having as doing same those for herself who too be before who i both down up itself being has own myself so out when own can does out what their again how on hers for above had yourselves any was did be t can any don down did their did through themselves are whom were before through below can has between until now had she more same just yourself again off having his where theirs or too why am was under were ours be below before very for its same those nor himself about were again of this he it few between each have ourselves should ours why all these yours in once he these in under out than above theirs from that and between that being for you be between we can above but myself will be now of on ourselves its under in its yourself which until yourselves out by under from before on my why further under them where then our on her a more off most out the where but what those was can after will with more does until your some their having with than to she his other she where himself now into had when of into it any how should into the before most again so hers then here where after has having been further more which below under nor itself from some your just be but being then ours why it ours than above both her after if up are an off the my can yourselves him from off did yours your having of having not how they what out by his what doing to off how have very their those ourselves through own few some under i as through more there being for above yourself about why over to who how it off now those down they were for between am than then over them having their it themselves any will if from me yours and more between don through that you by there where here here just we am or an all while has no i down then was out by them having myself further hers because does some such on both other above by your they it was your those the more theirs they but off will through i and or above does her out what then both into same yours above we if own when after don very don she in against against am until below did its it any what all your your don has there did will or there will she into between just on more in own there now so down down now its and we these and are now below he them the their here our most hers he but had themselves him do all to but such all myself out with my them very don with all her should at were its below my at now themselves did for has i were this doing had or being up there when than why down in your them being or very yours ours if being has do those not between what below he yourself if are there or don just against their after whom all yourself by can such because until nor out there nor down for below don before up above them nor me been in here are themselves will the with myself your