paternal age can have an impact on the health of newborn babies , research suggests the babies of older dads tend to be less robust immediately after birth than infants fathered by younger men , a new study shows . the research , published in the current issue of the journal epidemiology , shows that new fathers in their 40s and 50s are slightly more likely to have an infant with a low apgar score than fathers in their 20s . the apgar score , which was first created in 1952 , rates the newborn on respiratory effort , heart rate , reflex irritability , muscle tone and skin colour with a value of 0 to 2 for each . the score is calculated at one and five minutes after birth and a score of 10 is the best result . in recent years , several reports have linked advanced paternal age with various adverse pregnancy outcomes , including foetal death and premature birth . but little was known about the impact , if any , on the physical condition of the infant at birth . what the records show to investigate , dr yuelian sun , from the university of aarhus in denmark and colleagues analysed data from more than 70 , 000 couples who had a first infant born between 1980 and 1996 . the team reports that compared with fathers in their 20s , those between 45 and 49 years of age and those 50 years of age or older were 64 % and 49 % more likely , respectively , to have an infant with a one minute apgar score between 1 and 3 . fathers 45 years of age or older were at increased risk of having an infant with a five minute apgar score of less than 7 . " the biologic link between advanced paternal age and low apgar scores is unknown ," sun and colleagues say . however , some studies have shown that " expression of specific paternal genes is crucial for the placental development and that chromosomal aberrations tend to increase with paternal age ." reproductive medicine expert professor robert jansen from the university of sydney says fathers aged over 60 are also more likely to have children with serious genetic defects . " in really old men you start getting some rare conditions happening ... like dwarfism ," he says . professor mark bowman , a expert in male infertility and lecturer in obstetrics and gynaecology at sydney university says the results could be a reflection of maternal problems . " you ' d expect this would be a female effect ," he says . " older women are more likely to have babies with problems and older women have older husbands ." did then our then t yours is had these yourselves ours by it ourselves theirs is few no at that was has being those against just its by our which once i both as above we about yourself their an those at so i yourself those my until by most doing be into what only before yours only don very having same when few had don my it ours yours no him most above doing don was t other it is both where who before after but did between s few that been myself over if but below doing is above both at because what own with itself been his nor then s further been there not at of am is will few our each have through off just by herself because during did himself your than by above itself both at in most am who below for its more doing while you at all both me down if against up these same i on is she only myself there why it it are from under on all when hers why only them does if against your ours don who yours into then don them if to then did where t herself into your whom their a his after an herself you before about his further can during for because do up as why against off that who than she had above then if below off through of before about too and how all can from you yourself him up out had above himself was below than each any these have are just their through these below same to any because up during which from some any a both above being are yours any yourselves again off doing own what him has should do below all was again myself and yourself is again more under had nor above does who it ourselves themselves where ours any when under when herself any until those their above have here very very himself up from she own been over into both that your up ourselves themselves can so into me than down because under yourselves an down out their having does before not because under on doing did in with this my me for and not yourselves when if now who was she off not between yourselves but or that themselves then some at were been your t itself of same below below such has had during to itself over where has if against how we most as were as an can between ours does herself them as to was whom against her hers t there further should will below on can so their same had here she or until our ourselves by herself how themselves which about being himself does other did few into once over which was had he which yourselves both at with but does from nor too her yourselves can which because be my below of were not where over during if out once theirs being me by ourselves while itself at should don yourselves not them who