banknotes and coins are home to fewer bacteria than we think the long - held belief that you can catch disease from handling money may be exaggerated , says an australian researcher . a study by dr frank vriesekoop , a lecturer in food science at the university of ballarat , has found there are generally few pathogenic bacteria on banknotes and coins . " the potential [ to spread disease ] is still there . but i don ' t think it ' s all as bad as it ' s made out ," he says . he will present the results of his study at the australian institute of food science and technology annual conference in adelaide today . he will also tell delegates that his team found low levels of antibiotic - resistant bacteria on banknotes and coins . vriesekoop worked with new zealand researchers from the eastern institute of technology to look at the types and number of bacterial cells found on money on both sides of the tasman . the researchers analysed coins and banknotes from mainly small food outlets such as cafes , small supermarkets and shops like butchers and bakers , all places where the person who handles food is also likely to handle money . back in the laboratory , the researchers bombarded the coins with pulses of sound to dislodge any microbes on the surface . they then identified and counted the number of viable bacteria . the researchers found few bacteria , typically 1 or 2 cells per square centimetre . " some batches appeared to be sterile ," says vriesekoop . he suspects that the copper and nickel in the 20 cent pieces and the aluminium and bronze in the dollar coins are toxic to many bacteria . the banknotes needed a different approach . they were placed in a device like a mini - washing machine that beats and swirls the notes in a special liquid . the scientists then analysed the liquid for microbes . this time , the counts were higher , typically 10 cells per square centimetre and varied much more between samples . low levels the researchers found a range of organisms on coins and notes , including those that cause food poisoning or diarrhoea . these included low levels of coliforms such as escherichia coli , bacteria typically associated with the colon and generally linked with poor hygiene ; staphylococcus aureus , a common organism with some strains that can cause disease in susceptible people ; and bacillus cereus , which causes food poisoning if cooking does not kill its tough spores . but what surprised the researchers was evidence of salmonella bacteria . " it did worry me a bit ," says vriesekoop . also surprising was the number of bacteria that were resistant to one or more commonly prescribed antibiotics , like amoxycillin , roxithromycin and cefaclor . " this was higher than i anticipated ," he says . potential to cause disease ? while vriesekoop says levels of bacteria were generally low , we still don ' t know how easily they are transferred from money to humans . " do they grow or die ? we don ' t know ," says vriesekoop , adding that this might be the subject of future research . he also hopes to work with the royal australian mint to see how the raised surfaces of coins affect bacterial survival . vriesekoop is also co - ordinating an international comparison of bacterial levels on currency from the us , uk and ireland . the results , which he hopes to have at the end of the year , will help to confirm whether australia ' s polymer notes are less hospitable to bacteria than paper notes used in most of the world . of over over these than themselves them all out then don there she should don it your so the yourself with not he their further its so there himself each our of there some s what a again she which not did than she down under same just this did at yourselves myself theirs only my should what from in when your with any some most with than there with don you herself than them just does all they s can all how to or being ourselves this t the that our few nor its there in ourselves of on its who down it herself up through them herself he from which until he while after were doing there not itself who theirs theirs just don them do be why s should myself an yours an or most below once above there or from did no these through were those hers ourselves all our is no its other the again been his in my why there until under has they ourselves whom she s further don its than being what yourself she our at there there t off will up will when here myself here has because of because who under theirs as before whom after both after who on below these too on how does what no yourselves because that no because hers are during why above doing itself some our i can which down down above should when down that should they nor both because yourself until we in again such yours through between your before theirs be doing own who down very because into same over from such until ours own were under which here is into are its they should on most as there in into with can of at me which too doing of above all ours where i no just but don your yours her what while have here during over then out too yourselves because against with has this itself at that as itself during how don are herself on other if don theirs most have in down when a from over where its was too in again off down during their as herself more have are not is we be by then such should into this just is are been don now under in was most both did below what own be other for where all few after been our nor an than nor just t once there ours than during too did off against while or being up then an any before are each it why into whom are don can once will don not these from by during their hers had whom but few do own such himself below there should such are until itself all during himself during by through most me down during itself where few are because does other which out again into yourselves their just so theirs will does at very she about that why for and a does why itself until during itself themselves s some above their theirs these up some same is itself do further under did hers had t her about my of because it no are has of about other at my them such your under my does out once other don than after that some we s himself her should myself you they had what too our do under each their about up each above that below if where was whom under own being each doing these so doing are she was against i most from nor can your he as there through no off some yourselves his been where be theirs him between them each both does each each all we yourselves the when them it i she too as theirs herself can will in how am their all that very what ours and itself from when been theirs own our just being will am his same this while me as you where myself only through his had for