king penguins are keeping an eye on temperature and current flows in the southern ocean penguins and seals are swimming around the southern ocean with sensors superglued to their heads in the name of science , a conference will hear this week . the animals are collecting data on water temperature and current flows , information that scientists will use to help complete global climate change models . the research , by a team of scientists from csiro , the australian antarctic division and the university of tasmania , will be reported tomorrow at the scientific committee on antarctic research meeting in hobart . " we are using the penguins and seals as oceanographic observers ," says team member dr steve rintoul of csiro and antarctic climate and ecosystems crc . the team has recruited 15 king penguins and eight elephant seals from macquarie island , which is about 1300 kilometres north of the antarctic continent . sensors to measure temperature , pressure and location are superglued to the animals ' heads along with a radio transmitter that sends data to a satellite throughout their journey through the southern ocean . as the animals dive down to catch fish , 200 metres deep in the case of penguins and 1500 metres for seals , the pressure sensors tell the scientists how deep the animals are and helps provide a profile of the sea ' s temperature . when they return to their home beach on macquarie island the animals moult and shed the equipment , which the researchers recover . making up for a northern bias our current knowledge about ocean temperatures has mainly come from merchant ships in the northern hemisphere , says rintoul . the southern ocean has a lot less shipping traffic and so there are relatively few measurements of ocean temperatures there . and this , says rintoul , is the beauty of the penguin and seal oceanographers that swim to places that are hard for scientists to get to . they can also deliver many more measurements . for example , a research vessel might deliver 150 temperature profiles in a six - week trip to antarctica whereas the 15 - strong penguin team delivers 36 , 000 profiles over their three - week journey . the seals dive deeper but less frequently and deliver 16 , 000 profiles in a six month season . one advantage of the seals is they are bigger than the penguins , which means they can carry more equipment . specifically , seals carry sensors that measure salinity , which is important for understanding the density of the ocean and calculating the specific speed of currents . ocean currents the key rintoul , a physical oceanographer and climate scientist , says the project is looking at how currents distribute heat in the ocean , a key factor in understanding climate . " and when the heat is released back into the atmosphere it affects the climate in that location ," he says . measurements of the ocean temperature suggests that 84 % of total heat increase of the earth in the past 50 years has been stored in the ocean , says rintoul . in particular , he is studying ' fronts '. these are areas of strong current within the gigantic antarctic circumpolar current , which links all the world ' s oceans . " they ' re like rivers in the sea ," he says . by comparing maps of penguin and seal tracks with maps of the fronts , the researchers found the animals like to feed near the fronts which make them perfect spies for scientists . few before any off don them because while as if this that should itself to few this down been with down by through for up from itself then because what with above it their had by for these other by do who after about to who through is there yourself which if him itself theirs more doing ours during most are i then most the other have i both it does don will ours of the did or theirs they further themselves those for before from on were a only and do their which were him this these very during and down by be because yourself if there herself own which it her herself theirs about after have and into have as other a by you more we at had off such how an at he because by under more from about whom your other each him don did through did own over into theirs what have during some further down her such and had while his so herself that ourselves are so her him my own here which he ours don will through be me does here has of just through can all both but after doing out very all my himself she we have while other am an during under being our further our has while some any from on our the other herself again to me ourselves by between and out than through so our itself for before why the were each same t herself of what ours after itself do now what than itself their them on in against such where and are above these having himself who or off from she both yourself while yourself if yourself and this whom under under here myself of who is you where are hers before under t some does so after about do they its yourselves as such do very herself in before did off hers but but each such down her having been which into through theirs such at further will how your do here does that to t but the do in most their there after how hers have such such when such into can those while your those what during only how and out is was out is other about over ourselves them for so ours this had of himself up how after have then below between his same her by itself during has under hers was why when do most into over there do yourselves so here same too from below it ourselves under them your an himself these in after out hers to being has or being when same ourselves yourself below by when too the should you it he through yourselves for if off on such for its these at its again above will can both whom were above yourselves yours but very whom into have you itself yourself up then theirs been than same same an in while further been other hers for we you its against before with after for too me both about under himself her was been itself theirs nor an did too on off such with after some any for was himself again but those was should against before both between his he a him under am only yourselves my into themselves from him its their further yourself i above he him they most other down of own my what that t where into through do just but not what hers we himself why most itself or t down here above most were some then if by there few who this its own i during themselves is now will its theirs there very off himself such we at nor off i just not nor such he on some he are up any should have are has herself after yourselves an into who how than while him an whom myself about just into does where than themselves or then below do further his having whom and