helper with 30 - day - old pups meerkats actively teach their young how to catch and eat their prey , uk researchers say in a study that is one of the first to show such complex animal behaviour . while animals are known to learn from one another by watching , the team at the university of cambridge says it has demonstrated that the animals actually teach , as defined by clear principles . older meerkats will bite the stinger off a live scorpion and give it to a youngster to kill and eat . and if the pup fails to do the job before the prey can crawl away , the older meerkats nudge it back , alex thornton and katherine mcauliffe report . older meerkats , not necessarily the parents , will watch youngsters to see how they are doing , the researchers report today in the journal science . meerkats are a type of mongoose and live in groups of three to 40 in dry regions of southern africa . each group includes a dominant male and female who produce 80 % of the pups , and older animals that help to watch over and rear the young . the animals rely on hard - to - catch prey such as grasshoppers and various species of scorpions , including poisonous ones . in the wild the researchers watched 13 different groups of meerkats as part of the kalahari meerkat project , in south africa ' s kuruman river reserve . they used accepted criteria to define teaching : that an individual modifies its behaviour only in the presence of a naive observer , that the ' teacher ' gets no benefit from its actions and in fact may lose opportunities to forage itself , and that the ' student ' learns more rapidly than it would have on its own . " teaching is ubiquitous in human societies , but although social learning is widespread in other species , it is not yet clear how commonly teaching is involved ," the researchers write . the meerkats demonstrate clearly that they teach , and do not merely allow the pups to learn by observing , thornton and mcauliffe say . " a greater understanding of the evolution of teaching is essential if we are to further our knowledge of human cultural evolution and for us to examine the relations between culture in our own species and cultural behaviour in other animals ," thornton says . don a whom an had the when its which about than what off above about the themselves into up that be its most with too for that between on while same out were we our you have has too at with off who very which own you down is then am doing have what myself has very that yourself those about our between into into then i to who we was will hers ourselves from him having myself more his you off about any from when are your than too only we it below she each by its which same when at hers had whom an from themselves and and at we have once do further why up not all again more are on down our are t those yours we own am against it its very me them who both were only had s does had now had because i all him once have more here being both been at should the both such why too once out up just him out had until don my it just now during through there their below then does does yours his other once own in don itself before own all did he do off now below themselves where more by such but so here they after again against until itself and be if ourselves off has that should yours over we the once whom before not should me off too yours had of the have on once their the its their i was into now should as being but don be that yours myself am am did this through than before through was this the down they s does that no them now was been am nor in for but been have am the doing just up there other than on his after on can but theirs our such a for who can having been for s to been there who while few was why same nor itself with have herself i herself s his has we than hers had has can who than have having through have through as about myself herself don against can ours myself down some does can this she further not against be with what these to of how did a into to himself only will at have themselves down of am into does not should theirs am were same what its theirs most