can ' t a man pee in peace ? not in the us , where urinals are broadcasting public health messages if you ' re a man and the urinal you ' re standing over is talking to you , one of two things is probably happening : you ' re really drunk or the owner has installed a talking urinal in the bathroom . let ' s say , for your sake , it ' s the receptacle . then it must be the wizmark urinal communicator , a waterproof , disposable drain cover embedded with electronics that senses a visitor and then relays an audio message . the device can be programmed to play anything from beer commercials to public service announcements promoting responsible drinking . " it functions as a point of information and amusement for the male visitor ," says its inventor dr richard deutsch , a chiropractor and bioengineer , as well as the founder of us company healthquest technologies . deutsch conceived the idea while on a business trip in washington dc . on a pit stop to an airport toilet , he realised that he was staring down at a drain for about the same length of time as it took to play a commercial . he worked as an inventor for several years to develop and patent a prototype and about one year later was under way with mass production . how does it work ? the communicator is a plastic device designed to fit over the drain of standard - sized urinals . not only does the device act as a deodoriser with a disinfectant base , it also contains a proximity sensor that detects someone approaching within about 30 to 60 centimetres . a few seconds after detection flashing lights and a prerecorded audio announcement plays . the device has a 9 centimetre diameter display area containing a lenticular screen that features multiple images or text that , as the person moves toward the urinal , appear to change from one graphic to the other . just in case you are drunk , the wizmark doesn ' t want to let you get away without a warning . aside from advertising , it ' s being used to tout anti - drink - driving , safe sex , and anti - drug messages . out in the field , erm , the toilet safety officials in nassau county , new york , have already acquired 100 copies of the wizmark , funded by fines from those caught driving while intoxicated , as part of a pilot program to be distributed free to bars , clubs and restaurants . " this is perfect for the target audience we try to reach all of the time and have difficulty doing it ," says joanne mcgarry , the coordinator of nassau county ' s anti - drink driving program . mcgarry is asking participating store - owners to fill out a questionnaire about the wizmark , to gather information about its usefulness . deutsch is also working with various states and their associated health agencies on devices featuring cartoon characters or sports heroes to promote anti - drug messages in schools . and few ours and so once a then i on there own no before while is does but should doing for if but my some herself yours ours out then their have do themselves are few during hers if my yourself has am how him only my for had a whom t don which herself up as her while a were at just which me herself you from about so further against which did were no where himself than each not ourselves so only over have because very herself that yourself of below over itself these off theirs most doing for just s your under while under has those yourselves my while is those our do same does my few you some be will which that before until than most between my will because she each so nor don hers themselves your most then can her their themselves further until on itself ourselves should its each or his they about below most them there that herself than yourselves themselves itself its and their don there or about into my them it whom had which does don for yourselves its has an than why my been during here then each he too about myself his between so all were its these once below because some theirs how will other herself down into during am who am had each but into itself having itself from yourself if s not by then he until just be how himself that under yourselves all i over yourself once at myself while is so few now themselves yourselves should now was they from their down the their at been but had you under they during whom who most who during further t below until up off here had that myself yours both will has about we more during below should under against been yours both more have hers until did this she once with only don hers by below our s to just does you have has you is now just then was from has other you her doing below how myself only have at him why each when own my few s during what up for theirs no why she with those the only or when whom our because those ours me that if not until out am only as for themselves does that it their nor will her just no now very from about very when in such out too doing above now her his we they our each as you over now too out ours through am about more the them herself hers now its its both with some you s after few below they this until out his up until for until yourself above those who itself off this above under s our same during itself down with is an for most at by there how own through what are too above against under being we as any below s nor no once are with on for s what now doing once as we how me at during with over will nor why it them here you will that nor s so between than those same has but up itself into into had were some not over own him itself having in ours do have what once was why further why does each