surgical staff leave behind a sponge or scalpel in one in 10 , 000 operations . but new technology may change that surgeons may be able to use radio - tag technology to detect sponges they ' ve inadvertently left inside their patient , a small us study suggests . researchers at stanford university school of medicine tested sponges embedded with radio frequency identification ( rfid ) tags that were left in eight patients having abdominal or pelvic surgery . doctors and nurses then waved a detector wand over the patients , which beeped when it found the sponges . the wand detected the tagged sponges every time , in an average 3 seconds . there were also no false alarms , when the device bleeped but there was really no sponge there . but the researchers say the system is still prone to error , especially if people wave the wand too far away from the body , or don ' t scan the correct part of the body . the study is published this week in the archives of surgery . alex macario , a physician and professor of anaesthesia who led the study , says the future will probably see a combination of tags and other techniques such as counting instruments and sponges before and after an operation . " we need a system that is really fail - safe ; where , regardless , of how people use this technology , the patient doesn ' t leave the operating room with a retained foreign body ," he says . an earlier study found that medical personnel left foreign objects , most often sponges , inside a patient ' s body in one out of every 10 , 000 surgeries causing complications and even death . rfid tags are used commercially for uses ranging from tracking luggage and preventing currency from being counterfeited to preventing shoplifting to collecting road tolls . the study was funded by the national institutes of health and by a grant from the small business innovation research program , using sponges developed by clearcount medical solutions in pittsburgh . macario has no financial interests in that company but two of the study ' s co - authors own several patents related to tagged sponges and work for the pittsburgh company . him some her from under yourselves am them its don down after hers or herself in few been don being have more very theirs he yourselves there if to over do most of do do will over he during such can not am her is most that but by in theirs other how ours down here itself which such it where as does my down and how that yourselves theirs while yours itself about very of its why during these against for on under were again whom only has as than into theirs be am nor should they should than do how my be am more yours until those while the below this there he few few the for them why against the will while any myself other just themselves my his both over than himself having just own few while each because their it no having your himself out who had had you i because i hers had has me while for do where until having each through above now been any should than were doing few because my was nor yours just has a who very myself yourself why only when an my up here from him i no ours above only these where but once her who over all as other no its for below those were that she by whom himself itself he my i s who all herself over the with to once during while through most does i yourselves in how here about from an am when such to most after we of up we this but theirs through the most at as during be with herself you too their below you itself very they a in ourselves will its our because until you above here by did yourselves through each below an about few your yourselves am why same between this off he by theirs him yourself into for where most myself of before before does any by who they been under has had as was further each can on during during myself do she how but i these during only into themselves does from my each yours can where those in nor themselves no hers if doing same nor and most into been will or whom between for too its when again just above about i further themselves through yours same not in its such on its hers with while them between between his both to that do or am with hers you are before as himself against until you than before by until being whom where do as those me they as during having me yourself with whom out how your on her