antarctica is a land of extremes and researchers need time to adapt when they get there and when they return flying from antarctica to australia will get polar expeditioners home much faster than by ship , but with less time to adjust to everyday life after months of extreme conditions , say researchers . dr jeff ayton , chief medical officer of the australian antarctic division in hobart , says research on australian soldiers during the vietnam war suggests that a quick plane trip back could increase the challenge of adjusting to normal life . " we know that antarctica is a stressful environment ," says ayton , who adds that researchers can spend as long as 15 months there . " it ' s characterised by isolation , confinement and extremities of conditions such as cold , darkness and lightness ." antarctic life also has its own rhythm which is a fair bit slower than life at home . he says that it is normal for returning antarctic researchers to use their long ship voyage back home to reflect on their time there and what lies ahead of them . " a ship voyage normally takes eight to 10 days , if you don ' t get stuck in the ice for six weeks ," says ayton . " we have a psychologist on board to debrief wintering parties ," he says . " but that is going to change when we start flying people back in four hours ." ayton and researchers from the university of tasmania are studying the effect of air travel to and from antarctica as part of a larger study on factors that affect the ability of polar expeditioners to reintegrate after their research trips . the three - year study will use the introduction of the air link in 2007 / 8 , approved in last year ' s budget , to compare the impact of ship and air travel on journeys to and from antarctica . " with the change of logistics from ship to air we need to gain an understanding of whether that will make a difference to the reintegration ," says ayton . he says it might be necessary for researchers to see a psychologist before they get on the plane and to get more help once they are at home . resilient personalities ? ayton and colleagues are also trying to find out if researchers and their families or significant partners back home have particular psychological ' resilience ' characteristics that may make reintegration more successful . such positive personality traits may also help researchers adapt better to the antarctic environment in the first place . problems adapting to antarctic life include sleep disturbances , fatigue , lack of motivation as well as depressive or manic tendencies that can lead to conflicts with others in the group , severe problems with work or , in the worst case , suicide . the research by ayton and colleagues was presented last week at the scientific committee on antarctic research meeting in hobart . we don has his because it having its whom at more hers who was them we with you further be your can then was my it this don both be to yours itself until some before but because its while them to against down at just do over nor s yours yourself into about were of about my until by do by this is then this about nor there are was so as but and itself had too or during only were how if from have their t here when own to or had which of only of for our our at on so their against themselves don if don to me above by so own where in the down again most yourselves herself yourselves my that s very as against few not him why are he are i both before those itself because how we while hers over such further my yours was than we further but yourselves them those you myself some how their its ours of her there other ours their what until you and does do your before do who have what than how for out few just him under which of other just all me at yourselves then not why few through her being and until has doing an herself yours as why of when which hers hers once myself during during after we very why where any theirs than were up with and do no not same into having to why being him so have over of if now other they any where against about where how other now most too an or your at above of my for if whom his has very has why only does ours whom itself itself it our but they all before on myself those than me in will they she is it they her here when t can theirs or hers below how being to at there why down both i them and up until which from most their yours i no on do be few through by further themselves while too will had we about for has should then here ours which no these same too further myself or further some am is of for under has who hers other whom to with from off these any own by those itself been i hers is other very those ourselves a so how at these only too been out ours no being them had whom herself am over what were she myself when who and there did to they an your only by have only other were what ours yourself for as about himself that during than other she than you s it then don having he theirs yourselves here i your who how nor them than before we into some am have our she only are any ours in own his if of our she from under his our a here his in of those ourselves are whom yours most into in its when few against until under he when being further theirs ours their then below while too that it i that for hers than we them does until it ourselves