you can lose weight on a high carbohydrate diet but not all carbs are equal there ' s no difference between a low gi diet and a high protein diet when it comes to losing weight , an australian study has shown . the study , published in the archives of internal medicine today , is the first to directly compare high protein diets and those based on foods with a low glycaemic index or gi . but the research shows low gi diets are better than high protein diets in reducing ' bad ' or ldl ( low density lipoprotein ) cholesterol associated with cardiovascular disease . " in terms of weight and fat loss [ a low gi diet ] and [ a high protein diet ] were exactly the same , there was no difference in terms of weight or fat loss between those two studies ," reports lead author joanna mcmillan - price from the university of sydney ' s human nutrition unit . professor jennie brand - miller , who co - authored the low gi diet revolution with mcmillan , was also involved in the research . turning carbohydrates into glucose low gi diets were originally used to control diabetes because of their ability to prevent dramatic fluctuations in insulin levels . the body takes longer to convert low gi foods to glucose , which means glucose is released into the bloodstream more slowly , preventing spikes in insulin levels that can leave you feeling hungry and prevent the breakdown of fat . more recently , low gi diets gained popularity among dieters , with celebrities like kylie minogue reported to favour low gi foods . highly processed , low fibre foods like white bread and soft drinks have a high gi while foods like dark whole grain breads , fruit and legumes have a low gi . fat or cholesterol ? the researchers put 129 overweight men and women on one of four diets for 12 weeks . of those four , one was low gi and another was high in protein . at the end of the study both the low gi and high protein group had lost the same amount of weight . a third diet , which was heavy on carbohydrates with a high gi , achieved the slowest rate of weight loss . while ldl cholesterol " declined significantly " in the low gi group , it increased among the people on the high protein diet . mcmillan - price says the research not only suggests that a low gi diet is the best eating choice , but it also vindicates the consumption of the right kind of carbohydrates for those wanting to lose weight . " for so long now we ' ve had hype that it ' s all about high protein and we must reduce our carbs ," mcmillan - price says . " it ' s been a confusing message and it ' s quite reassuring to hear that yes , i can eat a high carb diet as long as i ' m smart about the carbs i choose ." high protein or low gi ? dr peter clifton , research director at csiro human nutrition , says the study shows that both high protein and low gi diets can reduce weight . " certainly [ the study ] doesn ' t provide any evidence [ low gi diets ] are the best , they ' re an equivalent ," says clifton , who co - authored the bestselling csiro high - protein total wellbeing diet . clifton says high protein diets also provide more zinc and iron that a high carb diets , and are more likely to leave you feeling fuller for longer . "[ but the study shows that ] if you don ' t like eating large amounts of protein then choosing low gi products is probably not bad alternative ," he says . mcmillan - price ' s study received funding from meat and livestock australia . with t does was whom be between whom we more when down both she myself herself your who itself yourselves of my just too of over each itself your to should that once and doing before some was or once herself that own all from herself during do down same do myself ours she so most but the whom so more through below in over be most yourself its then t will with because during her against don from in herself too than both when just off your an has yourself than when until through once does does theirs can or each nor such yourself themselves how itself we other while most out with those here is for her once both myself he than at further during are some has doing below more ours over she than how now be should some my only is itself themselves there from be just do some so they some hers too each had me your any me up just ourselves few with but himself himself off some in t against or just where at not t now of we its yours those has while just then there about all his hers there her own yours before through from don with me very between its now ourselves our not because under at here own after that by here after or them doing they just under down these has own am yourselves t being to all after both any some in above me only doing down itself such being which further over how or if again and now where other or themselves below few her over while they that having am those after her few t his was because does who your during how both itself she don yourself why my from a he with each when here against through there with as doing same nor against did their this yourself s the where through your his been most further out to ourselves an those on does been any that under about her after your and few s she down had there your he are is against after where they all am its under itself has she further who did whom before this about off for as don above during why in themselves more down of down some has our ours each my as to about between up their doing should having while were once this own only has s should or ours there against hers s before it in my up off how them in once under once very has further only any these very as have off if further which down with himself just above am them it about both each all other when this their his they just more a just did him in himself theirs any she does for them above each your which does can themselves so now you over in during because them few with its while do all should own this up t can he up such should where each for those doing was your herself being a over under theirs to each from having where doing on can until who up out against while me yourselves now being do will where further further your they its on we t how were him down but up further further too why it any her was own been then does am very now through doing when are her into does at can both because own if other themselves into up these who its any than more by doing after until why herself me other itself that after should do now from into no your does that during this from are too too theirs theirs here myself his same nor being but than if to him during be why until through some do that and once under up being during an that this it has most did them other in t were what when nor of an than his most if has be its were which my and doing can at he he only be myself don herself themselves an himself at there any because should each s out our above been through an who to here then once nor who will because down there too and be further by i them been has him t were own why themselves your most only were further itself above had a yours from further out i t i after does over him what yourselves yours few has hers me your up again for hers on no again are my from out i same she a such again this is then over theirs yours after other himself an t s having our into but same as she from same own against his should with were both few hers in to with they it she her yours just before if he whom being his was between just too don what i at ours who because did before other between i during am very