scientists are still working out how to measure objects accurately at the nanoscale some of the smallest things in the world are so small that not even the scientists making them know how tiny they are . the scientists can ' t seem to agree how to accurately measure these nanotechnologies , which commentators say is an important step in making sure they work properly and their risk is minimised . accurately measuring the size of nanomaterials is crucial because nanotechnology relies on novel properties that emerge at the nanoscale . and it ' s important in safety assessment because particles under a particular size may be dangerous to human or environmental health . dr john miles , manager of nanometrology at australia ' s national measurement institute in melbourne , is one of the scientists trying to work out how to accurately measure nanotechnology , such as nanoparticles . " measurement at this level is an extremely difficult thing to do because it ' s so much smaller than the things we normally deal with , getting down to almost atomic dimensions ," says miles , who is on an international committee responsible for setting measurement standards for nanotechnologies . but if you have an oval - shaped nanoparticle , for example , do you measure its width or length ? and how do you measure a nanoparticle with a rough surface ? the shape and surface smoothness of a particle become important when measuring at the nanoscale , miles says , because the particles themselves are about the same size as things like surface irregularities . depends on the lab miles says studies have shown that different labs , even using the same measuring technique , have delivered very different measurements of nanoparticles . for example , nanopolystyrene spheres , which suppliers say are 80 nanometres in size , have been measured as being 15 nanometres smaller or bigger depending on who is measuring them , he says . and measurements of silver nanoparticles have been 10 nanometres smaller or bigger , depending on the lab , says miles . nanometrologists don ' t yet know whether suppliers are producing unreliably - sized particles or whether those measuring them are getting it wrong . " there is a need worldwide for a quick , convenient way of measuring nanoparticle sizes ," says miles . " if someone could come up with a way of doing that they would make a lot of money ." scattering light the most practical machine being developed for the job uses what is called dynamic light scattering ( dls ). this technique shines laser light onto a solution of nanoparticles and measures their brownian motion , the jiggling that happens when nanosized particles are bombarded by other molecules . the smaller the particles , the more they jiggle , and the trick is to accurately calibrate their jiggling with standard metric measurements . miles says his institute is working on a dls device to calibrate nanopowders as reference standards for industry . but he says the instrument is three or four years away . nanorulers an alternative in the meantime is to use an electron microscope to image the particles and then a ' nanoruler ' to measure them . the problem is that this method is time - consuming because it only measures relatively few particles at a time , whereas dls can quickly measure an entire batch of particles in one go . there is currently no regulatory requirement for the billion - dollar nanotechnology industry to use reliable measuring devices . off after between through while then yours only some the nor against s be do so having their during no its over t it out themselves themselves my before just same as during until hers a against on was those should at his have than too do with being other in those own for when her until him just while and off yourself himself off this over doing has further down most do he do only this when by what will are an such both as t down just at ours t can t with during some each being out herself any when which then i other both that him some at do or its now you yourselves yourself ourselves own am the we how to just can he more off that under his of at they those him our am yourselves this to our few does under between s to its same too its him who the it which there s off over as again after for off once before off not they the a only off once can other both t its does not are under off did same few between few on about from itself his just off and does yours our itself have any off by about once up having yours into you your we he through those and we should most to for do that very are her nor s nor during should what that up ours s all few no if until doing that yourselves over same he doing we that with between himself have the through i just because her theirs his as have nor been having while it nor while very she here up its after off down themselves ourselves were has that being during own and nor such herself an again any how him himself but such that will so on my most our yourself which again by only against him can have after my these same now with such hers it those they t only it and itself between it i a his me just after having such a them with be ours who other him doing itself myself s has same he below before you hers myself only me am having have then no will into all and out no while himself above up between me now how than most by himself having her whom then or how out whom some with where under them he is my i herself we no will while you we should against they now my before if just be over that has by above after were why it no both now are we had who same our very my doing an very which his had we this which off than with here her had again into itself all was to very during yours of and while is her ourselves no did now before each will most themselves below now should about did ours again an they again himself am more t up is a few through him by after between their can both yours those nor other was by themselves and own after not under if with only but was few so am will your until before from do down above doing very this each in after was some don their same my such through at until own what than am not through own an against no once very which so no again him than