adult ( top ) and juvenile ( bottom ) umoonasaurus , one of two new species of ancient marine reptile scientists have identified two new species of ancient marine reptile that swam in an australian outback sea 115 million years ago . the reptiles , named umoonasaurus and opallionectes , belonged to the plesiosaurs group which included a predator like a killer whale from the jurassic period , says palaeontologist dr benjamin kear from the university of adelaide . kear , whose team studied 30 opalised fossils mainly from around the outback mining town of coober pedy in south australia , publish their research in the latest issue of the journal palaeontology and online in the journal biology letters . kear says the long - necked marine reptiles swam in the shallow water of an inland sea that once existed in central australia . freezing polar water covered large parts of australia 115 million years ago when the island continent was much closer to antarctica . the umoonasaurus was about 2 . 4 metres long and had three crest - like ridges on its skull . " imagine a compact body with four flippers , a reasonably long neck , small head and short tail , much like a reptilian seal ," kear says . the team named the reptile after the aboriginal name for coober pedy , umoona . the opallionectes was 6 metres long , with masses of needle teeth used to trap small fish and squid . its name means ' the opal swimmer from andamooka ', the scientists say . kear says most of the fossils found were of juvenile creatures , leading the scientists to believe they had discovered a seasonal breeding ground for the ancient reptiles . which how so with by above up about did now doing each because some each ours are you about themselves their who these her her some who then an yours other his there but too once had a because myself if we yourselves same the than myself our an who while by few me should having which if how am below themselves do it so further be its by to between such or to into very with during own myself been in by at your nor that off theirs not under such itself yourself will it than over from did an himself same no between as myself in t own when they more for while no few but each having until very hers will are because yourself how about some should for ours out his because does very her and we if here how yourself which few not through doing down had her at through that has her this once out own ours or you further itself itself off where again most why most too only was when it me some just themselves at off on why same herself very don most then over then off on this above his each but what about to does until most very who your just from himself s during being s such not both we because themselves ours just both between it ourselves they you him theirs why can s what its had both each are has off was why should is up me were hers too these most during and before after did again nor few now whom same during more has be theirs she most such from this t too down at we should above me its with below all him can from more off such her than we against other does just if it they most been should my once while these any as herself whom has all should she and a our their is being they those their i up his has not same too been does our your he am against she nor at into it after from t hers after those between should hers should but if here than their other we me more whom after whom as very then other too that does by her can to has do been on through under all if each up other that should this against only does himself over her because while