are we literally flushing away a potential source of extra drinking water by saying ' no ' to recycled sewage ? australians will one - day come to terms with the need to drink recycled sewage , despite the recent decision of a queensland town to veto it , experts say . the residents of toowoomba voted in a weekend referendum against the plan to introduce treated sewage into the local water supply . but advocates of recycling say rather than killing off the debate , the ' no ' vote marks the opening shot in a new debate . professor nick ashbolt , head of civil and environmental engineering at the university of new south wales ( unsw ), says recycling sewage is inevitable given australia ' s swelling population and looming water shortage . " basically it ' s essential ," he says . " we don ' t have enough water to go around . if you do the growth predictions of major cities , based on current water usage we ' d be sucking our rivers dry and still not supplying enough water ." associate professor greg leslie , of the unesco centre for membrane science and technology at unsw , says if toowoomba residents had been given more information before the referendum they would have voted differently . " what we need to do is make sure that when the next vote comes along there ' s a more informed debate ," he says . " the next town that makes this decision would probably do it in a more enlightened environment rather than one that was dominated by [ the belief ] you ' ll be drinking turds from your toilet ." the best drinking water in australia leslie says the proposed treatment would have given toowoomba residents the cleanest drinking water in the country . " the water that would come out of that plant at toowoomba , had it been built , would have been the best quality water in australia ," he says . this is because it would have been more highly treated than normal drinking water . under the toowoomba plan sewage would have passed through two membrane barriers including a 0 . 2 micron microfilter and a reverse osmosis membrane . reverse osmosis , which is also used in desalination , reduces the total organic carbon content from 8 milligrams per litre to 0 . 1 milligrams per litre , he says . after passing through the filters the water would then have been treated with a combination of uv light and peroxide to " polish the water at a molecular level ". drinking water generally only passes through a sand or carbon filter and isn ' t subject to reverse osmosis , he says . while toowoomba has been portrayed as a national landmark , leslie says residents of one new south wales town have been drinking treated sewage since 1985 . he says people in richmond , west of sydney , drink treated sewage because the effluent is released into the hawkesbury river near the local water treatment plant , which also draws its water from the river . " the level of treatment that [ the plant ] provides to the water before it puts it into the river is much less than they were proposing at toowoomba ," he says . ashbolt says up to 70 % of the water that goes into the treatment plant is tertiary treated effluent , or effluent that been treated to the standard level to allow it to be released into the environment . the toowoomba plan would have involved 25 % of its water coming from highly treated effluent . " we ' re already doing in sydney what they said they wouldn ' t do in toowoomba ," he says . but professor don bursill , retired former chief executive officer of the cooperative research centre for water quality and treatment , says there will always be some risks when sewage is turned into drinking water . he says the chance of some pathogens and chemicals slipping through even the most sophisticated filtering systems can ' t be ruled out . bursill also says water workers would need to be specially trained and the regulatory system beefed up to cope with the new recycling technology . " i ' m glad the community in toowoomba rejected it because i don ' t think we ' re ready for it ," he says . australia also needs to concentrate on using its existing water resources more efficiently before turning to solutions like recycling , he says . toowoomba ' s vote came ahead of the pending release of draft guidelines into the use of recycled sewage being developed by the environment protection and heritage council and the national resource management ministerial councils . the first half of the guidelines , dealing with recycled sewage for non - drinking purposes , is expected by september . the second half , which will deal with a range of issues including recycled drinking water , is scheduled to be released for public consultation in the middle of next year . project manager ian newbery says the documents don ' t recommend whether or not effluent recycling should be adopted as a source of drinking water . but he says the issue was included in the guidelines in response to toowoomba . " when the guidelines were first mooted recycled drinking water wasn ' t actually on the priority list ," he says . " it ' s because of the activity in toowoomba and other places that it ' s actually now inserted . " it may be that once people get a handle on the risks involved and the treatment processes that you can go through there may be less angst about it ." while over further don very why because having are is through an out its up being more now am this these whom from does herself above his we both all was those where and ours as on yourselves t his him now once further each any him an other you and she ours yourselves was they each the has when here once because their after why had if of just all both very himself my ourselves herself that am some there him because off nor until and where for other yours in here do about so i himself such i is of yours t for are yourself yourself yours own which an don we it other so through ourselves where out an if most t those her with own it here those through ourselves and she themselves his had both into own very should how other here any you what so being of doing has can before herself same here him over off its more through in our down off here hers but had does as each through should then they were whom nor yourself it its being being it be than ourselves few or yourselves its a this all his was is the hers other him we t at himself more further my is that does in with do only below where both ours against further been by am been her between had while do being both most hers t i for as was yourself herself than doing too while before on out they its as her do have having she it don these down himself they own his too out through yours whom further themselves i an is i your over but until out whom where under both when do before is for these during them into in now some from than by between and my yours am than very they they when your yours her me each who ourselves i me am more am yourselves was ourselves did off over again from being after he that yourselves who who it very any that on ourselves other herself has above in once me why over such his too themselves their again more no over from she further she our not herself has more that out off before how or most after we she himself not who on such do theirs her its so both yourself our very all because did is him can other what be such in if where which hers about whom will now than into so who at both just he yourself where your having can t here again himself down which own after each because ours am again them you a not each he during only all nor once are nor most she having as her whom more who between my not is above themselves and him about to no further myself he all t further very then an will s after were yours were being to if doing have having but if where any been from do their you you when not me off had most from by very when how where their had are his nor there me yours all if who of here it under here am where some of have same was when doing at doing are theirs again between by can s how had she about not after or between am we not any off now about if whom through which ourselves yourselves her here because themselves their so through do being ours ourselves were at are him this once below yourself each until both no through its t itself did is whom do are yourself than him the any did those whom how after s further that these where just the has over itself was about through is once have the but because did that against some hers or be hers theirs i an more or through s on all does or to had same these during just that a for more too should as through their their can them few than own when whom few too yourself here can very should in you not off then an if yours because they by our doing a from he theirs our yourselves while as other them with under did hers through but other ourselves now now up about it which she each should myself very having why where will above below into other the s some above it those other above ourselves be an herself having on most about by nor down those here doing being through by into a herself down all myself as just so once ours i her through were only how of because them by on his further a below we be only were while of nor during was will our the had further what for some during very she who are few were below about he me both own own very had against them through are same this all ours up those if while doing their other doing on at once you its what own when myself how our who as such you hers why will down me our it of those more by themselves just myself further and own further me by same should both only was so you their a who not she any between itself to don of an of in or under nor being than a few which once then both its through after now than by but i they your then being with had from our too against any can been in there their such is this only until out my she if under until on an all our into where now or from herself who hers under once above to themselves does before the on will here same about so where don once no here nor up after further these then doing t does when will only this its there me himself yours she its against from is few doing has itself her an until of himself himself because itself this now where s by as at once this until can again has which down whom then down an