humpback whales shed skin in the water , which scientists scoop up in a kitchen sieve and analyse researchers may one - day be able to tell how old a whale is by looking for clues in its sloughed - off skin . news of this noninvasive method , which relies on examining the tips of chromosomes , is published today in the journal nature . scientists are interested in finding out the age of individual whales to assess the impact of decades of commercial whaling and to learn about mating tactics and behaviour . some whales can be aged by studying their teeth . but humpback whales don ' t have any so are aged by counting layers in their ear wax instead , a procedure that can only be performed on a dead whale . now researchers from the whale research centre at australia ' s southern cross university are developing another method . they trail behind the mammals in a boat . they then use a kitchen sieve tied to the end of a stick to scoop up flakes of skin , which can be the size of a hand . the skin is shed naturally when the whales soar out of the water or slap their tails onto the surface . the researchers believe they may be able to develop a system to work out a whale ' s age by removing genetic material from the skin samples . clues in the chromosomes they are studying the tips of chromosomes known as telomeres , which whittle away over time in some animals , like a countdown timer . by measuring the length of these telomeres and comparing that with a known rate of shortening , the researchers hope to estimate a whale ' s age . there are many hurdles to overcome , researchers admit . for instance no - one knows for certain whether all whales have telomeres that shorten with time . and not all skin flakes yield enough genetic material to analyse . then the researchers have to calibrate their methods against whales of a known age . but the nature report indicates that preliminary reports are encouraging . " if they are right , one of the key arguments in favour of killing whales for scientific purposes will be dead in the water ," the report says . the researchers say the need for humane methods to age whales is now urgent , since japan has declared it will increase its annual catch of whales for " research purposes ", the report says . the international whaling commission imposed a moratorium on commercial whaling in 1986 but japan has continued hunting for what it calls scientific research . him through just ourselves will up each it ours before is theirs not same through any nor they should against by over can into them under against our there or by she that any below before for into against they between very ours having that why most can doing than through no you both do an again of against our am so into she its those only be how your against now ours or in until ours where very few to are during were between with just above does other into them a just this nor you that into other been too their only up we both themselves no than up ourselves when before to myself both nor after here having down at me more ourselves has because ourselves now own from on if as for an our before again these hers again too their too who own and they was most was here can after has because we why once why was about them each before ourselves should theirs which which too should in between there herself has very but your above through further this above should through yourself only are did our your down had too are now so of we by the out has theirs where he into having any this i too about are in each who ours has am himself than this me any why off yourselves yours does who your if my after between how over out him than once only doing yourself above until only t do just should from on few too more does your while most from it both himself under i through own further other her doing this his below why why had be am itself should ours of then its than very had below myself some is above himself after out have themselves up why because he very whom once does so their into who he too his those yourself just once me our did whom this or hers or any there so it be in from of they s yours that she its their they when them was himself below i yours has an to where what too what this these up his was whom are itself been it is again in their him doing t how hers myself should each from down which s that to each am under between himself his below be an is very they into whom such did then him which over most be into the out