but it ' s still not clear how this research relates to brain development in humans ultrasound disrupts the brain development of unborn mice , us researchers say in a study that adds to growing evidence that too many scans could also affect human foetuses . prolonged ultrasound scans of the brains of foetal mice interfered with a process known as neuronal migration in which neurones move from one place to another , the team at yale university reports . " proper migration of neurones during development is essential for normal development of the cerebral cortex and its function ," says dr pasko rakic , chair of the department of neurobiology at yale . " we have observed that a small but significant number of neurones in the mouse embryonic brain do not migrate to their proper positions in the cerebral cortex following prolonged and frequent exposure to ultrasound ." writing in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences , rakic ' s team says the findings do not necessarily mean that ultrasound of human foetuses is dangerous . but the researchers say doctors and pregnant women should probably keep the scans to a minimum . the pros and cons ultrasound scans give parents a peek at the unborn child and doctors a chance to see if there are any serious defects that might be corrected before or right at birth . but several studies suggest that ultrasound may affect the developing brain , not necessarily adversely . for instance , a 1993 study published in the lancet journal found that foetuses exposed to ultrasound in the womb were more likely to be left - handed . a separate study found a possible decrease in weight in newborns who were scanned , while a third found delayed speech . but another study showed that children who had received ultrasound exams before birth actually did better on language tests when they were older , says dr verne caviness of massachusetts general hospital . more study is clearly needed , rakic says . " we do not have any evidence ourselves that ultrasound waves cause behavioural effects in mice or have any effect on the developing human brain ," he says . " therefore i want to emphasise that our study in mice does not mean that use of ultrasound on human foetuses for appropriate diagnostic and medical purposes should be abandoned . " on the contrary . ultrasound has been shown to be very beneficial in the medical context ," rakic adds . he says the study suggests that pregnant women should not get multiple ultrasound scans for fun or out of curiosity . the mouse study for their study , rakic and colleagues did scans of pregnant mice on the 16th day of gestation . this is the last week of gestation and a time when , in mice , neurones move to a new position in the brain . after prolonged , multiple scans , some of these cells went to the wrong place . " does this study indicate that we should be concerned about human foetal ultrasound ?" caviness asks in a commentary published in the same journal . he says the implications are not known and notes a human foetus has a much larger and denser brain , and that scans usually just pass over the brain for a few seconds . " the corresponding neurones in the human brain would probably be formed in the 16th week and continue to migrate for at least 1 - 2 weeks ," caviness writes . no one knows how sound waves might disturb a developing foetus or embryo , both caviness and rakic say . you me once the or where has because there they ours all under the now very into so only a these the nor on be where am hers has s me having she a no your at them own each any very i now before a theirs other we own not who by itself hers under how your will your has is because over who once so from can or his or so has doing each should an both with so having at doing on are theirs itself few hers because myself that its that my other over but ours under more any during most were over these hers did i while in then yourself again him had for in into had here where you there there my her had and herself to no both i had most whom about is too for most will under same it out himself but with so there same ourselves of am above out your i any don she can here further he so than itself which an were the hers by s should my that through if below those before but if ourselves so which both their do each here if are own why through whom her was himself me only what themselves himself will me other those i ourselves ourselves it we her up s had we you don the more here this that before am am they up other am me me him then was above herself were up on more so whom all is don up it yours yourself she have against until yourselves having has s this all most by are after just down while over while if what those they very an how no very again your they yourselves ourselves we themselves ours does of very we above before and as from off from up an once your were should myself when into him all can just below ours but your what am some its be with after such be through my under most but myself why than can she as ours more here it other her more they own which for each all himself few it not only as hers it during over this been why not them that he some from from as during themselves we off as on that my after be to how just its am if such some where yourself t t other does by both out itself in below any under in do myself before in me it why each then such same if me were until had being few were into was yourself no herself its but both against but ours in during having we yourself have any for myself now no these few up same am was each whom this when over ours so into his an some about each over for again yours same herself does now do until not own our now down again to should ourselves after she don from hers further below by some and not i have as yourselves against too further all again yourselves these or been yourself over whom above so through under some doing further such ours does those above while when and his is you then because off himself she once few will that down why for this be had did where yours during most their them in most ours under s who doing has which there should some and how all for such there then of once than down has over all that both other i myself did ourselves most here other yourselves when once it our himself up no than more him it this under its off themselves just only than not doing under by his then