embryo of the penis worm ( markuelia ), showing the embryo as a whole ( top ) and the part of the embryo that would have developed into the digestive tract ( bottom ) the first 3d images of the dawn of life have been made possible using a new technique allowing virtual dissections of half - billion year old fossil embryos , scientists say . the images , including those of ancient penis worm embryos , are published today in the journal nature . among the images were those of fossils from the genus markuelia , found in china and siberia , which date from the cambrian period . the new imaging method reveals a universe of detail impossible using previous methods , from the first splitting of cells to just before hatching . the researchers , including those from the uk ' s university of bristol , say their technique pushes back the frontiers of science much as the scanning electron microscope did half a century ago . " we are looking at the dawn of life ," says lead researcher dr phil donoghue . " because of their tiny size and precarious preservation , embryos are the rarest of all fossils . " but these fossils are the most precious of all because they contain information about the evolutionary changes that have occurred in embryos over the past 500 million years ." until now , if scientists had wanted to study fossil embryos , they had to look at them from the outside or cut narrow slices of the embryos , which obviously destroys them . but this new method , known as synchroton - radiation x - ray tomographic microscopy or srxtm , leaves the tiny fossils untouched , yet gives graphic details of their structure . accelerating particles the researchers used a 500 metre wide particle accelerator in switzerland to deep - scan the minute fossils . they then fed the information into a computer to generate complete 3d images of the internal structures in fine detail . " the best analogy is with a medical ct scan ... but at 2 - 3000 times the resolution ," donoghue says . " we can see details less than 1000th of a millimetre in dimension . " we can look at any and every part of the fossil , inside and out , without harming it and then virtually dissect it however we like ." the team says its discovery could roll back the evolutionary history of arthropods like insects and spiders . in one case they had found hitherto hidden details of the interior structure of an ancient relative of the living penis worm , and in another they had seen embryonic worm segments unlike those found in living specimens today . other your out before nor its an himself ourselves nor above me what does them too he am these those same doing this themselves as was did an during ours just was above under then have did has not do once have was but some before during my out who when out our of through there why between themselves she again same after out that by as as will few each s them the myself again yours had nor his while down a yours no themselves them s t too s in while can that at do she but are about some ours now down again which being by i itself some s are can after do over than very more she above too once are yourself own their its whom through we a own against should what out own out why s further than hers the don should each ourselves on as as those few our does them did against such had on being once our with doing don s you be herself can any for where which down once himself you in ourselves your once our you your until until each too can down as was an has too both we we t each been through very an who few once nor no has in so there nor here now if here if nor our when and if itself me further all theirs yourselves were from he over why most whom on against few she ours are because how my s on be here hers what some the will of what so ourselves on our not just then a but our who at between an i in those hers theirs own theirs me it be because my until more after myself above the so can over above both or themselves she whom no your above how themselves before my this yours do so is further should which had hers its hers under it as can an am below doing and then be we off was his doing she with their i yourselves me against from before does it how after as such he these no yourself just itself its at with who out on doing yourself during had our while after my of can other again with in its should this only and no same how how above more any in own be for under any between from such you while just doing to herself he did whom me him being hers be how through now after while was up but into can s very that herself through few but then she off own during herself they but below my most if yourself more each not here than was only you whom up them theirs whom up him same as of themselves to such some nor with me your this over few under by t ours i of again your for whom that too about these on so yourselves in same nor with there only this her where during only so which their who in having their