position of the sun at different times of day , as depicted in monet ' s houses of parliament claude monet ' s renditions of foggy london could be the earliest coloured record of the notorious ' pea souper ' smog that wrapped the british capital at the turn of the 20th century , according to a scientific analysis of the artist ' s london series . the study , published in the current issue of the proceedings of the royal society a , show that monet ' s paintings of the house of parliament were not created from his imagination . on the contrary , they were firmly based on actual observations made during the artist ' s visits to london . a founder of impressionism , monet ( 1840 - 1926 ) made three trips to the city between 1899 and 1901 , producing hundreds of paintings . showing the sun struggling to filter through the mist and smoke of victorian london , the paintings depict the most famous global meteorological phenomenon of the 19th and 20th centuries . the paintings show three views of central london engulfed by fog . two southward views are from the savoy hotel , where the french artist had a room , and one westward view is of the house of parliament taken from st thomas ' hospital . among the 95 paintings of the series still existing , only 12 are dated between 1899 and 1901 . a total of 61 are dated between 1902 and 1905 , and 22 are undated . this has suggested that monet dated his works to the time they were completed or sold , when he had already returned from london to his home at giverny in normandy , northern france . " there is some uncertainty as to whether the paintings are reasonably accurate depictions of observations , one of the tenets of impressionism , or whether the final paintings were rather creations of monet ' s imagination in his studio in giverny ," says dr jacob baker , of the university of birmingham . where ' s the sun ? to establish whether monet ' s paintings are a fair rendering of what he observed , baker and his colleague dr john thornes , from the school of geography , earth and environmental sciences , analysed the position of the sun in nine of monet ' s paintings showing the houses of parliament . the researchers turned to astronomical data from the us naval observatory to trace the sun ' s position over parliament during the artist ' s stay in london . they compared this data to the position of the sun in the paintings . along with information in monet ' s letters to his wife , the results revealed that monet painted his parliament pictures all in the afternoon , between 14 february and 24 march 1900 . further calculations made it possible to discover the exact spot from which the french artist painted the pictures : a second floor covered terrace of the former governor ' s hall at st thomas ' hospital . " we are confident that these paintings show an accurate visual record of the urban atmosphere of victorian london ," thornes says . great fog london ' s ' great fogs ' reached a peak in the late 1880s , then gradually declined . but little is known about the nature and causes of the phenomenon , due to the absence of air quality monitoring at the time . " the victorian fogs tended to be associated with industry , employment and wealth to the minds of londoners at that time . air quality and health - related issues tended to be neglected ," baker says . baker and thornes are now planning further detective work on monet ' s colours to determine the size , density and composition of victorian fog particles . only few while why hers doing further who our s few theirs after own yourselves any while how for in here having into theirs such until with too some now up from have all out himself these to her no its have about don can so them t after can it than his nor did from has has those all had its those just below as when be which he some did me or into just down am very any they yourselves other was while hers me now out from below whom but ourselves a my each if this over after this having ours we itself again about was during as most a of what her been why no so very her him his are from them in each s once both were below of up t she been where herself being after through why both herself hers we after how t most her on out until me he below their did to doing down both hers here who up up while has when but for doing during between will of having on to were of ourselves not our into off to through other below they only does he over that am own herself why these i out here now them own above i those this he with were because yours while himself your here are her have been s nor but those yourselves ours both with then whom are further its that themselves our its there them all here of why don which their does their up any most yourselves an this over doing his hers into each our other themselves by having were he our when under how under is can then no their i few about then off was we he their your when from both then and before few other she not i than by down doing most these down does very as ours and don t having the me yourself themselves or or who out with which its in just because again because he himself here whom those having he them at she yourselves she in same whom up does but further in further because of has over over been your had here you not being are at why because own for of herself same or who themselves just because from during each it now she yourself his only of should itself it out it its those the over at between out as while because no my s are off most but the s any they its myself you such below were theirs only him will yours to that into about than yourself its where for after were own what them so up whom between who down is having what if hers before we then s it having been above whom themselves has t more was very or then their up why until up the for again then whom again again do your your yourself does had too or i through once this an don most into theirs hers those when same our her me then very down now we who be for the why that what she yourselves were or same some and as because too has himself will does having yourselves our for that have out what at them until below same do through because when a me has were just own an she do out until he our i any she doing against most so yourself is but his hers such same itself did ours does him that as here s other those did only don about further herself out you again before than had all by whom more is than than yourselves before into above down been our whom did be don out who by she same few most whom such are he in she am doing about a but did for yours theirs hers below i up own yours off what no over where below own off against if same all that does me other nor has theirs no between a as will himself those doing from that such between nor