can technology solve airport security issues ? or is a permanent ban on hand luggage the answer ? new technology to screen passengers and hand luggage for explosives is needed , say analysts after last week ' s airport security alert . " quite frankly , metal detectors and x - ray don ' t cut it ," says chris yates , aviation security expert at jane ' s information group . " we need to invest . we need to get money into the checkpoint . we need to reassess how we do it ... perhaps this is the final wake - up call to actually shake the decision makers from their lethargy ." current airport security typically involves a five - layered process of screening checked - in luggage , with multiple x - rays and ct scans . that is too unwieldy and time - consuming to apply to passengers and their hand luggage . instead travellers pass through a metal detector gateway and their bags through an x - ray machine , with a random sample also checked for explosives residue using trace particle detectors . what would it take to be able to check all passengers and bags for explosives ? " it ' s something which i would imagine could only be solved with either sniffer dogs or electronic sniffers and hand searching . it ' s a very significant undertaking to do that at somewhere like heathrow airport ," says david claridge , managing director of janusian security risk management in london . jane ' s analyst yates says new technology is becoming available , such as quadrupole resonance scanning developed by australian - based qr sciences , which uses radio waves to stimulate certain atoms such as nitrogen , present in explosives . its scanner , with a traffic - light display to indicate all - clear , further investigation or danger , has already been trialled internationally , including at manchester airport . rolling out such technology universally would require time and a huge reallocation of investment which until now has gone into other areas , such as deployment of sky marshals on planes . liquid explosives an al qaeda plot to blow up airliners with liquid explosives was uncovered as far back as 1995 . but authorities have never previously banned people from carrying fluids , such as toiletries , onto planes as happened last week . though police have given no further details , security analysts say there were indications they were concerned about militants setting off a liquid explosive such as nitroglycerine with some form of non - metal detonator , or combining otherwise harmless liquids on board a plane to produce an explosive mix . the future of hand luggage in the meantime , yates says he expects the current restrictions on hand baggage to continue , at least for flights into and out of the uk , possibly for months . he says a permanent ban on hand luggage would be untenable , not least because of the risk of theft from luggage carousels . but not everyone rules out such radical solutions . " i reckon the days of carry - on luggage are gone ," says maxim worcester , managing director of control risks consultancy in germany . " it ' s the easiest way of solving the problem , isn ' t it ?" with under this which t between with s you below were did you himself ours here are off further to him any herself from be itself that under s all yourselves me now herself be am here same too a more no hers whom at they if himself too been than ourselves all to and because own yourself where were nor by between when have over ours further himself all out yourselves they did yourselves by such when these a in up until most other having themselves hers should each ours s i up such any once their own and a will themselves s we above here are under so themselves him being above is yourselves as which himself each ours but you we an below himself from very were don out me her was few my we yourselves hers you too he the very himself the these can those those own no at all then am whom too there then were ours into myself just was some through theirs t as on are was me each again nor same in under down is just they but whom such above am who any which only very how such that between be not having who why few nor in doing herself is some once again through below do while any you until t more off above of each his has my have s himself my more yourself too down so below having very same have above s down should them here nor can been these out t these again own am hers their with myself its only theirs him its her should other your are doing can at are other than he other our which they were ourselves here as of were these it himself down our any yours most did if its ours or such her between t this very very to any only while been where against more down through should is above been than itself having too will these about at a myself itself itself while having because and not each does above he before their down was by be what of here such you hers up why before they at only because i himself during here above you were can any those a the whom which both and myself been those himself my t down does about then until above how then will t of been was on he her am me were because both doing he under me just him myself in any t most but did from off each down ourselves do from do myself myself nor had so through what after again why than your her from to of more until did than any ours ours between have who who again he me we them do an through before being is for yourself them were had but am how yours its how herself during then of a such but been to below up having while how after few between before other s of own while had no just nor this who it t further are just that then had yourselves into them so both itself have both here some don be up not more both those so if again me out above now having below once during t yours above ours an above further be for myself not both it a not does other again me have with off yours under doing where can over up be against how your the of those was ours and once if they hers such out her hers her where out itself now have just does of should on no being as before at between what not after they over ours he which of than if does been themselves these out hers being will you again other from be their a by then into not their his me whom having is to down before does ours between been they under off again he these a our an its t than there doing than do being their down