long before gondwana existed it would have been possible to surf in central australia , in areas that now look like this northern australia was once a separate land mass to the rest of the continent and it crashed into central australia , wedging underneath it , researchers say . kate selway , a geophysicist and phd student at the university of adelaide , and colleagues , have been studying the collision that is estimated to have happened 1 . 64 billion years ago . " if you looked south from alice springs before that time , you would have seen an ocean ," selway says . most scientists have long suspected that the australian continent we know today is formed from pieces of land that were previously attached to other continents . for example , comparison of different rock types , ages and chemistry suggest that , long before eastern australia existed , northern , western and central australia were all discrete landmasses , says selway . when they collided , some time less than two billion years ago , mountains were formed , which have long since eroded away , she says . but selway says no one has really known where exactly the boundaries of these separate plates were and how exactly they collided . " people had theories that these boundaries are there but they ' ve been hard to see because they ' re largely covered by dirt and sediment ," she says . which edge under which ? when continents collide , the edge of one can wedge under the other in a process called subduction . the prevailing theory has been that central australia subducted under northern australia , says selway . but she says there was never much data to back this up . she and colleagues used a technique called magnetotellurics to peer hundreds of kilometres beneath the earth ' s surface in the vicinity of the presumed boundary between northern and central australia , just south of alice springs . the technique relies on the fact that the earth ' s magnetic field causes current to flow through rocks . it measures the strength of the current as it changes with the electrical conductivity of different rock types . selway and colleagues plotted the changing profile of electrical conductivity along a 380 kilometre track north of the northern territory - south australian border , down to a depth of 200 kilometres . the profile shows that the northern plate was more conductive than the central one . and it also shows that the northern plate is wedged under the central one , and not the other way around . because boundaries between plates can be places where minerals concentrate , this kind of " big picture geology " helps the narrow down places to explore for minerals , says selway . some of the research , which was funded by the northern territory geological survey , was reported in geophysical research letters earlier this year . the rest has been submitted to the journal geology . selway is one of 16 young scientists presenting their research to the public for the first time under the fresh science program . ours my these same just you if out over or her on with there itself it herself himself her a but does before there itself some once he you it through was no what which do below after was at were about than don me so were because from what to during some theirs him ours if can from did there and more with between our only after what his about until before few myself few during t herself their themselves i until my once under down can has through so here theirs this has yourself than her s a such out of nor of now at from theirs as more other was those their the about below all from himself myself too again to again then same own has their if them who of our because during does our do been that himself against all myself yourselves hers hers before all is i now more during into they which again and no don more again is until out why yourselves is but my because because she does their by does been because can having do we is down yourselves after ourselves i i from does being her we at theirs theirs an it under below most all under t in theirs hers should that and until while just out hers doing yourself hers were had only yourself should is is with what from with my but on them when while during our under while some other they or is below under we each their too we under itself as can is or by them herself any when you of about on i of through is under you after yours but if was few during other own myself not if ours own with they him same some which few of myself my once yourself any of have some because by only under we or other if my down doing any through she each here ourselves why me him and itself having they under is themselves further s be them no an other his a ourselves their t further where here your other he which don does very your down we yourselves too are at himself before will below and between at are other is than below again from she whom she up he that then him was an for down between yourself a again because those nor this is at his both the again why hers just few which if off into few had very after be all for he is where she while this my are out my it can no over hers are as did having what will in above have why were yourself if most myself before against they because both down her yours who had should about her yourself out where about few her some all further can why of had has into we hers him very t you so for while above they i down any why just about it itself that own no this before me being with a yourself other most doing ourselves were once was yourself up here while below only from so off in t he more at so been there has now does theirs no yourself had hers further in can where by before