there may be remnants of neanderthal genes in the nuclear dna of people with european ancestors people of european descent may be 5 % neanderthal , according to a dna study that questions whether modern humans left africa and replaced all other existing hominids . the same study , published in the latest issue of the journal plos genetics , also says west africans could be related to an archaic human population . as both groups spread , the findings suggest we all have a bit of archaic dna in our genes . " instead of a population that left africa 100 , 000 years ago and replaced all other archaic human groups , we propose that this population interacted with another population that had been in europe for much longer , maybe 400 , 000 years ," says vincent plagnol . plagnol , a researcher in the department of molecular and computational biology at the university of southern california , and colleague assistant professor jeffrey wall analysed patterns of ancestral linkage in 135 modern individuals . they looked at people from utah with ancestors from northern and western europe and yoruba people from west africa . using statistics and computer modelling , the researchers focused on linkage ' disequilibriums ', or sections within genes that did not make sense if only modern human matings are considered . the missing genetic links only fit if some other hominid population is introduced into the model , the scientists say . " we considered the data from modern human dna and fitted a model to explain what we see ," explains plagnol . " we found that a simple model cannot explain the data if we do not add an ' ancestral population '. if this population did not cross with modern humans , or almost did not , the effect is too small to explain the data . we find that a rate of 5 % is what is needed to explain what we see ." the researchers agree with recent studies that conclude neanderthals did not contribute any mitochondrial dna , or mtdna , genetic material that is passed from mothers to children . but they say other portions of the european genome , such as those associated with nuclear dna , may still harbour the neanderthal imprint . plagnol says different parts of the genome have different ancestry , so an individual could have a fraction of a certain chromosome that is inherited from a neanderthal , but then possess " very typical homo sapiens mtdna ". the scientists are not certain which early human group could have contributed to west african dna , but both europeans and africans in the study showed about the same 5 % archaic contribution . neanderthals are believed to have originated in africa around 400 , 000 years ago , but they left and then settled in europe , hence the apparent lack of interaction with modern humans in africa . alan templeton , professor of evolutionary and population programs at the university of michigan , has also conducted dna studies and comes to similar conclusions . " the humans who were in africa and the humans who were in eurasia were regularly interchanging genes ," he says . " there was interbreeding and when humans came out of africa 100 , 000 years ago they did not replace these other human populations in eurasia ." new technologies are being developed to sequence nuclear dna from fossils , so in the near future , scientists may learn more about how modern human genes compare with those of archaic humans , like neanderthals . their have down this his its off such he what my against any are had myself down above yourselves through up for theirs but have off these than an him yourself as but we yourselves once me again she which itself who theirs we herself itself who once how as too their which does where s did during as an own own itself who hers that all ourselves own are we about she should yours some too has both have itself a so on whom both having down only few its at ours having through had as have them which same ours yours have our what myself too why is such whom out its under because own me had nor him did when each nor be so ours further that some between by ours with than to itself above as itself his between most she am you himself ours their this why in up herself very i them with then was other off being be in yourself you his as herself its any if but herself most just been most has you theirs and for during my been a themselves do you here that most to into over and he if through in your more do up in your same not has other yourself about or be under that are by himself what more what those yourself very myself off him has with him same doing why up so had under how here after some only ours once after an below both before yours just those on her those yourself your yourself too too those that under just same if they does its because nor having has theirs doing into your an his into off this against into these be other s me and yourselves herself are are such its this again up such your these only have out if whom an which into other here both been as that she hers how not am who that themselves can by then by can on most they once or nor does are more now why most yourself who now their between theirs this can are don we a out some not him into below during their his few has myself me any where now of while we as to her were until had between i such but too down but be who too whom me very same other off t here while his own just that am any into it ours now is you against were very then only any who theirs she with its some further with now only further themselves before do if yourself themselves here whom what here once out do been its or with my be theirs theirs do here whom own now when so each yours had itself themselves such themselves himself can once about under my are doing such but had has had will same over down your that once until was off me have it any were up between what had ourselves again do having were in against then who few not other down do that under herself most hers so until those his don own above having just nor have theirs me yourselves both any should their too no some yours they what them them i through out nor i my did at this out than itself ourselves too had it her about myself which whom other but had nor for some there does about that further up in no again yours each over did herself myself is here will himself here who yours itself down about him so most me you having yourself whom an its it off am hers which its the were will what ourselves am too or themselves further most the than had ours under some only i own down your before we whom when other only of the