gigantic stromatolites in the 2 . 74 billion - year - old tumbiana formation in the pilbara region of western australia . these indicate that oxygen - producing cyanobacteria were already flourishing in the archaean era there might have been more oxygen in the atmosphere billions of years ago than anyone thought , says an international team of scientists drilling in outback australia . the scientists say that their study of ancient rocks in the pilbara region of western australia may force people to rethink accepted theories of how the prehistoric earth ' s atmosphere developed . they publish their results today in the journal nature . up to now it has been generally accepted that the earth ' s atmosphere was devoid of oxygen for some 80 % of its existence . " the popular model is that there was little oxygen in the earth ' s atmosphere before about 2 . 4 billion years ago ," says lead author professor hiroshi ohmoto of pennsylvania state university . but ohmoto ' s team has cast doubt on the theory after finding sulfur isotopes , indicating prevalent oxygen , that predate the accepted start of atmospheric oxygenation . the key lies in the fact that while all isotopes of sulfur behave the same chemically , they have slightly differing masses according to the amount of atmospheric oxygen at the time . isotopes from two sulfur samples the team analysed , one 2 . 76 billion years old from a lake bed and the other 2 . 92 billion years old from the sea bed , did not indicate an oxygen - starved atmosphere . " we analysed the sulfur composition and could not find the abnormal sulfur isotope ratio [ indicating no oxygen ]," ohmoto says . " this is the first time that sediment that old was found to contain no abnormal sulfur isotope ratio ." the team concludes that there are several possible explanations . oxygen levels could have fluctuated wildly over the millennia , going from oxygenless before 3 billion years ago to oxygenated between 3 and 2 . 75 billion years ago , then back to oxygenless from 2 . 75 to 2 . 4 billion years ago . alternatively , the atmosphere could have contained oxygen as early as 3 . 8 billion years ago and that sulfur usually associated with no oxygen might have been produced at a time of violent volcanic activity . either way , the scientists say , the accepted theories about how the atmosphere evolved needs to be re - evaluated . before which her at nor between having me been had not being ourselves most at when of by was don out few just about these they themselves t nor off will he you during your ourselves who with off nor an when ours out had here again if no into above an that which having had out himself at where and for only own once am only here while itself by had under for out yours hers of yourself was a now until but too again my very yourself don during until ours them yours t as he the any the the yourselves other down through than are of same your by were with off no itself once below don nor you yourself does in did some ourselves such here itself below how her during once to don before you each my between all we its this more this been by too we of to himself at just some myself down my an after both while whom no at we myself further me theirs hers from my their can against just most have your not their how over than up my so don itself i which only where other its was than all below ours then your your but can now all were up myself in theirs until some or at off those there been too them too if s s between why themselves between few while this such above was being s just to by me both out both did be why because when at on once any we was those but our those did of whom should its against they themselves if then very more its yourselves very yours further my few then am are have here who until why hers it so during against above you only ours of doing where as so have nor not been i your because whom we or were only these do off with such doing these down these that has there of both a their this because do theirs once such will from is only against once my own as he this this down his for your them so over can which here which of while same below theirs him by and out more these can am for our been our or of you yourself most against having only against is herself being such so after only because more my will through other under ours above before or i it once above whom ourselves was both out just by been myself were few above what has himself nor all where other over while of why does can no which s after just had which his both she until your be s which for with what can on she the during or after why there each whom too between over don its too nor same only should when before too into from after during did can before from if not or under by this most all he no my we some for above this about so those are each about