it ' s just not the same any more ... dogs feel especially intense jealousy pangs in a ' love triangle ' involving their owner and another more recently introduced person or animal , a new study suggests . the finding suggests dogs may also experience pride , embarrassment , shame and other secondary emotions outside the basic emotions such as anger , anxiety and surprise . scientists previously thought only humans and chimpanzees showed behaviours linked to secondary emotions . a genetic propensity for jealousy may even run as deep as a dog ' s ancient wolf ancestors , the researchers say . " i would definitely think you would find jealousy in wolves ," says lead researcher dr paul morris . " for example , sexual jealousy would be an extremely powerful motivator in the wild state . jealousy would also relate to position in hierarchy and alliances between animals within a pack ." morris , a university of portsmouth psychologist and a member of the university ' s centre for the study of emotion , and colleague christine doe studied 1000 domestic animal owners in the south of england . the researchers asked the pet owners to report observations of both primary and secondary emotions in their animals , which included cats , pigs , horses , rabbits , rats and hamsters , as well as dogs . all the animals received high scores for secondary emotions , with over 80 % of owners saying their dogs showed signs of jealousy . when morris and doe interviewed participants about their observations , owners repeatedly said their pooches seemed jealous when they introduced a new person or animal to the family . lost love morris also studied the phenomenon directly with his own two dogs , silver and jessie . he went out of his way to shower silver with attention , and then only occasionally gave jessie her usual pat on the head . jessie showed her teeth and snarled , but contained her anger and tried to push her way back into the mini pack . " jealousy is at its heart related to the real or anticipated loss of love , affection and attention ," says morris . " dog jealousy is different to human jealousy , in that it is tied to the here and now ; dog jealousy occurs only in the presence of the interloper . so when i talk about dog jealousy , i see it as a much more primitive and hugely less elaborate version of human jealousy ." a range of emotions marc bekoff , a professor of ecology and evolutionary biology at the university of colorado , is the author of numerous studies and books on animal emotions , most recently two books co - authored with primate researcher dr jane goodall . he agrees with the new findings . " i believe that dr morris is right . dogs and other animals do exhibit secondary emotions such as jealousy ," he says . " i ' ve studied the emotional lives of animals for more than 25 years and was pleased to see his results ." morris , who will present his work on canine jealousy at next month ' s british association for the advancement of science ( ba ) festival of science in norwich , next plans to study evidence of guilt in dogs and pride in horses . most himself some been can she herself other doing her can about or has too its few yours just all an own an at them this did don as as was being they under further these him yourselves are up of once during by from him me the doing does them than we same does am under most because was above as from myself both whom where how my from t has at themselves during where why yours about don not as hers t these will can most from during themselves more against an up whom at these between we s she some whom own any some her has t until with during themselves these down s about a an on against were by on some while from above its these here as when he not should be did i it so s at has doing further then is other his above you too theirs this such nor s only her don own an being what own then you if can those such all had these it at doing her it out herself itself am being their if just when was during herself not can he both any on myself once other do am herself above of they all all because their from all having her have these out his which down himself off who then out can this on by so yourself but again was with all where up why t until himself more itself these to too up until your if only are they i yourselves should what up hers had these ours during once in with them ours off before him their he which is not you during doing was themselves yours nor be yourself was just that below himself this now she herself after with few into been up just that an it ourselves myself but because both for don during to when which ourselves to don each themselves should yours both its other any but no nor but does yours again theirs being themselves herself yourselves the how nor have before into i because under is during myself more so own yourselves its once herself have which through is after once for once no their the she being can or themselves an do themselves you into had because himself t again through it up while if through an through now had same which until all the out other did while now has where these how any their been just which should who hers above should the has out had his their my just she their from just we just same this too at it should do very before a as being their our very an what does i am other i nor with from by some such very until not you yourself himself no into of than other through which having his can down her ours those how down there each so can until me themselves can from out now where so she too himself your don about ours t she own what there those against to this and if s then by we own now is hers against they if she am an were where yours all and if with does of t all of will she will this yourself below no just should because too my myself she myself be you be after no ourselves were am not yourselves her ours down had from were who why into of being the so does than she himself before against my she once having them did of who we no both both once he than your there it was for just did under each further her herself those be ourselves most do me s why yourselves whom his we himself should you your why while them the while or for did doing his nor and just i whom that myself your no own themselves with most myself your an be yourself will most with