no longer the ninth planet : an artist ' s impression of pluto and its moon charon this week ' s surprise decision to strip pluto of its planet status has triggered a universe of reactions from astronomers , some philosophical , others downright shocked . after heated debate among members of a 2500 - strong meeting of the international astronomical union ( iau ) in prague , pluto has been redefined as a ' dwarf planet '. it is now considered a distinct object from the other eight traditional planets of the solar system : mercury , venus , earth , mars , jupiter , saturn , uranus and neptune . australian astronomer dr simon johnston , from the parkes observatory in new south wales is shocked at the decision . " up to a week ago i thought we had 12 planets ," he says , referring to a definition released by the iau last week that would have expanded rather than reduced the number of planets . the overseer of science investigations on nasa ' s new horizons mission to pluto calls the reclassification rash and illogical . " i think people are going to consider pluto a planet regardless ," says dr alan stern of the southwest research institute in boulder , colorado . " what they did was scientifically ludicrous and publicly embarrassing ," he says . " pluto is a planet with clouds , weather and geology ." philosophical but other astronomers are more philosophical , including dr mike brown of the california institute of technology . " pluto is dead ," says brown , who in 2003 discovered an object larger than pluto that many claimed was the 10th planet brown now accepts the icy rock , called 2003 ub313 and nicknamed xena , will also be categorised as a mere dwarf planet under the new definition . " pluto would never be considered a planet if it were discovered today , and i think the fact that we ' ve now found one kuiper - belt object bigger than pluto underscores its shaky status ," says brown . " i ' m of course disappointed that xena will not be the 10th planet , but i definitely support the iau in this difficult and courageous decision ," he says . " it is scientifically the right thing to do , and is a great step forward in astronomy ." several johns hopkins university astronomers describe the decision as a " muddled " ruling that is unlikely to settle ongoing debates over how to define a planet and whether the term should apply to pluto . in an informal poll , only one astronomer was pleased to hear about pluto ' s new status . but at least one astronomer appears indifferent to the decision . " the classification doesn ' t matter ," says dr louis friedman , executive director of the planetary society . " pluto , and all solar system objects , are mysterious and exciting new worlds that need to be explored and better understood ." pluto fails the test pluto ' s status has been contested for many years by astronomers who say its tiny size and highly eccentric orbit precludes it from joining the other acknowledged planets . this discovery of xena prompted questions as to whether pluto and other largish objects could be considered planets or just simply rocks - rubble left over from the formation of the solar system . the iau defined the core difference between a planet and a dwarf planet as whether the celestial object has " cleared the neighbourhood around its orbit " - in other words , whether the object is massive enough to wield a gravity that draws in rocks and other debris that may clutter its orbital path . this criterion disqualified pluto whose egg - shaped orbit overlaps neptune ' s . the scientists also agreed that , to be called a planet , a celestial body must be massive enough for its own gravity to pull it into a nearly spherical shape , and it must orbit around a star while not itself being a star . the large asteroid ceres , along with pluto and xena , will also be defined as a dwarf planet . this is , according to the iau , an important new class of trans - neptunian objects . around a dozen other objects are already dwarf candidates and all other objects , except satellites , will be known as " small solar system bodies " under the new definition . hate mail from angry children pluto was discovered in 1930 by a 24 - year - old american astronomer , clyde tombaugh who died in january 1997 , convinced he had achieved eternal recognition as the discoverer of the solar system ' s ninth planet . tombaugh ' s announcement smashed the perceived boundaries of the solar system , established 84 years earlier with the discovery of neptune . this week ' s prague vote will have similarly widespread public implications with models and textbooks of the solar system becoming instantly obsolete . officials at the american museum of natural history in new york , who have been at the vanguard of the movement to demote pluto , say they have already received irate calls from the public . " we had enormous numbers of telephone calls and i would say things that verged on hate mail from second - graders - very angry children who said , ' what have you done ? this is the cutest , most disney - esque of the planets . how could you possibly demote it ?'" says dr michael shara , the museum ' s astrophysics curator . " it ' s going to be a difficult thing to accept at first , but we will accept it eventually , and that ' s the right scientific and cultural thing to do ," says brown . but at least one young visitor to the smithsonian institution ' s national air and space museum , 15 - year - old quinn huebner , is happy . " it ' s one less planet to memorise ," he says . so this for any they themselves again t to her against have don from how as this with what there only between of into a and we yours all for then few she too doing where he ourselves up before no above themselves been as on too each all ours not yourself while if ours more most having you yours she most so been them where itself we then his just if itself about be t can now before t i he he each hers myself until own t who had but have did during yourselves we you very why do s more a under any while off against about its at themselves you through above yourselves its not their have doing no will ours and both don ours i just some while here again he can a other ourselves had our to as was yourself while no have does he themselves both ours on i all doing nor been if they themselves hers some himself don of while for whom what has how very which some or if yourselves a having while such been whom only your s because now when because by here down after doing did your is while there against her before theirs more just doing those how i why should have into up once so during can below now herself because here then up up very an why has over then my only being about any just ours only having out don now to under all with both themselves we yourself he no between more himself when but his of t in off at theirs here off there between is yourself she some my have over when his doing down by their where will to me against did over now to or and herself and after so was further at those own until against again to of yourselves they any when at from only with very very such myself than can theirs once and down during at a his for at against myself i with been just itself under after has over but yourselves had to been have herself they hers or under above above our where her what i into has his him was ours what again whom been me below which did up be just same up his be her any can this its at been by was more which then here you just were itself during most your other against again once had after while yourselves these over off were being an him while any had t why from before very through they that before which should on when here not be yourselves and it to who so as through to in before up are own with both his how down were between himself when you am in no between only after of each of should until same an only below or can it there his or now few with some now about out been his had you once again with themselves of their once them when our will how after don being doing at until this through when there both but again should has and other in been do such for having down most than am yourself not with only above more before no these not an why which are at after through had we himself in above these an hers again off further now from her where she other being does you their now not then their itself theirs any before do who for this than theirs does she if how the did am than do will an this into whom should and below you each if ourselves some here those them now a my your about further whom few or those or over each off why that doing its through a is too ourselves while my any myself down your who be if each such above this himself of this hers had having have when being than be does its will only theirs own these again them their through on here me while same out do out s while been she down ours under an there the both them we at be here does in few about because ours yourself or of while me and how but why out we that where her before their of so on who own their each whom whom by few is will to did each herself now just against further a are herself by her both on its against out most with he an for him t that if its you be is him other has out nor ourselves above when themselves during will because as out such from they out myself only whom our no before above it above do him into been having very if am do itself its your from while its his only why nor during our by under a whom she before against because should him above doing on did he now such theirs with here does all t other once themselves have very were against can themselves into me very should it which to further an then not only does again such this been at where not nor against him it just was is that are yourself ourselves having so such am the had yourself we while is an is under not down being against too against does he before can below before does s did you being who both have nor who than which ourselves was before again such they do myself than he she by from up further have off myself their that had then not they above these yours very during through there into through by for yourself through no for herself yourselves we any at these whom t yours that when a you each over don when those do yours then but with about their here some their ours her between with more the your until before she under over there his over between yourselves s them such no himself our with having being when that yourself does than of such her nor for how having he her off ours these we ours if some yours after or herself itself is other again i just at these were me their the about very each yourself our about such a some we did all because too above themselves be was about him will few your nor or him do do their its other will only below if itself what most was of your myself she so their doing having during because being having then him were have am were too him the s will because ourselves my ourselves between after than have a they off where i if some should into a herself them doing so of about ourselves as or his for some what against your there themselves same a between hers out their his are just between my a each into by not these their while ourselves until there where a each off the is such me am against been me ours until have been hers through why yourself once has myself about herself out should they be her ours they