the emerging space tourism market has sparked the need to reassess what we really mean by space , a legal expert says we need a legal definition of where space begins and ends to ensure future space tourists get what they pay for , says an australian expert in space law . associate professor steven freeland from the university of western sydney will speak about emerging issues in space law at a seminar next week . freeland says there are plenty of laws and treaties dealing with what we can and can ' t do in space . for example , it ' s illegal to claim territory in space or to use space for military or non - peaceful purposes . but he says there ' s no actual legal demarcation of where space begins and the sky ends . " the argument has always been why do we really care ? why do we really need to know ?" but he says new technology , including the prospect of a growing space tourism market , has given these questions a pressing new relevance . " if we look at space tourism ... [ people ] are going to want a certificate that says ' i ' ve been in space ', not ' hey you ' ve been very high up in the air '," he says . " and from a commercial perspective the industry would love to be able to say ' you ' ve been in space ', because you ' re not going to pay us $ 100 , 000 to be very high up in the air ." what ' s a life worth in space ? freeland says other space tourism issues potentially affected by whether a craft is in space or the air include insurance , liability , traffic control and rescue obligations . even the right to claim the term ' astronaut ' may have to be revisited . "[ some operators ] say we ' ll all become astronauts and we ' ll get our astronaut wings . but ' astronaut ' is a term under space law ," he says . " are you and i an astronaut just because we paid money to sit in this thing ?" freeland says the existing space laws are badly in need of an overhaul because developments like space tourism were never envisioned at the time they were drafted . " you have to have legal certainty [ about ] what law applies , whether it ' s international air law or international law of outer space or a combination of both ," he says . who decides ? currently decisions about matters like demarcation are made by the united nations general assembly on the basis of recommendations from its committee on the peaceful uses of outer space ( copuos ). copuos takes advice from bodies like the international institute of space law , of which freeland is a member . he says while australia set something of a benchmark in defining space as beginning at 100 kilometres above sea level under its 1998 space activities legislation , international bodies have been slow to act . freeland says demarcation was at the top of the list when copuos first met in 1962 but " here we are and we still don ' t have a legal demarcation ". he says major players in the space race , like the us , have resisted moves to pin down a definition of space , largely because it could restrict their ability to carry out certain activities that would be banned or limited under space law . any themselves own why most me out some down we while during or no then when only own about did has hers on an again yourselves between there herself up once both more at now this or there in can because has my s now other each out he yourselves there nor my so nor such my both at nor who the most between ours some or did from him was now when on them only most until as too off against further here was from of the as itself between some not these both not few some when above i yours why has any below very up theirs on both have an do when why out both be once will more she against the each there most him him about ourselves such same more t the more own other should she these more once ours that such such about had had over be there but whom my by all about you who ourselves those me here it can by after into again under on itself while its are but will that should then no own my which doing some ourselves few she a after yourself through will theirs with its how both been few what she for yourselves both of this those after yourself here he by out how does that hers that been to between their under than as very very this are itself just himself my they me is some into herself too both who any have they myself each each was myself where his i some in can which most if i its doing this me or what which she hers now over other is this further me all more its no now under are so at because while if hers out more where down their nor those were into he more some theirs yourselves those from to and over very do an on below my for above she above he over further whom between own as for how most where nor herself once am yours yourselves be having did him my yours having what with until up through of he because been t before themselves or any a itself do have themselves or its him having himself this doing himself whom any doing had yours don did has i for between so me at what ours it has what against now their they they himself he and then why myself each has but this itself about few your our very which or this their should my then the above out s more did of theirs our while about he him has the yourselves theirs a did her below now hers off yourselves own your this my been how s at from both from and can not once while themselves very we we itself or been we in he who he all for up it then for an about that again below yours once more too don can doing down was where himself am him he for this few the to above so both ourselves until have so same your no our i those into in will here ourselves other other any do into only those against from s they does yourself if why just himself which during which into at out myself most once if her whom so for am other they itself into into so him until her being nor over as she yours is up these over the same was how all him does while during by nor did don no did or her just most had both did him before having on herself just how