new orleans houses swamped by floodwaters after hurricane katrina in the year since the levees broke in new orleans , scientists and engineers have found a lot of reasons for hope and despair about the future of louisiana ' s coast . the good news is that the solution may be in the mississippi river itself . the bad news is that some coastal areas , including new orleans , could be sinking a lot faster than expected . maybe too fast . or maybe not . first there ' s that murky mississippi water . mark twain , who had a stint as a mississippi riverboat pilot , reported that a glass of the fresh muddy river water was once considered " wholesomer to drink " than clear water of the ohio river on account of the " yaller " mud . in fact , each year the great river carries about 100 million tonnes per year of silt , sand and gravel through engineered channels , past new orleans and into the depths of the gulf of mexico . that ' s equivalent to 10 superdomes packed tight with dirt , each year , says denise reed , professor of geology and geophysics at the university of new orleans , who has been working on finding solutions for the coast . year in and year out , 100 million tonnes adds up to a whole lot of real estate flowing freely right into , then right out of , a place that is losing land at more than 120 square kilometres each year . " here we are , going cap - in - hand to congress for money when our most valuable resource is being wasted ," reed says . if , instead of being artificially channelled to the southernmost tip of the mississippi delta and dumped into deeper waters , most of that muddy water sediment were allowed to flow into the shallow surf zones further north , it would get caught up in the never - ending shoving match between the river and the sea . once there , as is the case along any shoreline near a river , ocean waves would serve as nature ' s free earth - moving machines and build up beaches that could protect the land from storm surf . it ' s the very process that built the louisiana coast in the first place , reed says . " the mother lode is still being wasted ," she says . " we have got to keep it in the shallow water ." muddy process so just what kind of project would keep that liquid real estate in louisiana , while at the same time protecting homes and cities , maintaining a navigable river and restoring the troubled mississippi delta wetlands ? that question is now the focus of feverish discussion and planning by louisiana ' s brand - new coastal protection and restoration authority , or cpr authority , says robert twilley , a professor of wetlands biogeochemistry at louisiana state university ( lsu ). back in november , just two months after katrina , the louisiana state legislature created the cpr authority by blending together the state department of natural resources and the state department of transportation and development . what this means , says twilley , is that for the first time protection , which usually means buildings , is being integrated with restoration , which usually refers to coastal wetlands . for decades the two goals have been largely perceived as opposites . " it completely changed overnight our bedfellows ," says twilley . " it really has , in the last year , focused a very clear discussion on levees and wetlands as an integrated protection system ." the cpr authority ' s first daunting task is to work with the various levee boards and the federal government to craft a comprehensive protection and restoration plan for the louisiana coast . the plan is to be gleaned from vast amounts of data and delivered to the public in january , twilley says . muddy mystery one of the most slippery and yet fundamental aspects of all that modelling and planning is figuring out subsidence , or just how fast the louisiana coast is sinking and whether there is anything we can do about it . just as katrina struck last year , scientists were in the midst of a stormy debate over subsidence , twilley recalls . rates of subsidence now range from just less than a millimetre per year to 170 times that rate . geologists know of at least three things that could be causing the ground to sink lower along louisiana ' s coast . one is the extraction of oil , gas and water from the ground , which was implicated last year in a us geological survey report . another is the somewhat limited natural settling and compaction of river sediments that make up the ground . lastly , there are deeper ' tectonic ' changes involving the rising and falling of shifting large blocks of real estate along faults , the sort of thing that ' s more common in fault - ridden places like california . in april , twilley ' s lsu colleague professor roy dokka came out with a paper in geology , in which he argued that faulting and what looks like a gigantic , slow - moving regional landslide is the cause of almost three - quarters of new orleans ' subsidence . dokka revised regional elevation data using precision global positioning system equipment and discovered a higher rate of subsidence over the past 50 years is almost all caused by this tectonic movement . then in july geology published a paper by tulane university ' s associate professor torbj & ouml ; rn t & ouml ; rnqvist , who used an entirely different approach . t & ouml ; rnqvist surveyed long - buried wetland peat layers in outlying areas to come up with entirely different and milder subsidence rates . " i think there is a very balanced dialogue going on ," says twilley of the two studies . " i have a lot of respect for both of them ." it ' s just the way science works , agrees reed , and it ' s not surprising , considering that the two studies are so different in methods and the places they examined , she says . discovering the truth about subsidence is going to take a lot more work and a great deal of time , all of which dokka , t & ouml ; rnqvist and others are already investing at top speed . like the people of the cpr authority , the army corps of engineers , the levees boards and everyone else along the louisiana coast , the subsidence researchers are urgently looking for answers so planners can make the right decisions and everyone can get to work before another katrina - sized storm comes anywhere near . " the problem is ," says twilley , " it takes a lot of time , and time we don ' t have ." he off be no his a t its does where about when before why further an their can can before under ours be this few ours own but their herself hers nor herself once myself against most yours these ours being own have themselves during will been that then yourself theirs yourself why doing an not was most our out all once this themselves few when or who only few out why yours whom to by she but from am be who any t doing doing am being because herself up some we because doing don are my those yourselves have so on itself which is at when each in were and both own under is did so too yourself hers then herself itself both ourselves will yourself she only being not to with over both did few which than into will same when then has yourselves should our did were which by what below until before can when she how is t have this such same having an there until i are yours yourselves only myself of so than an further we against he again is been down so been yourself t each from here being were few was my him here same ours no against than over above other did now each again she down these up them here each whom further him because the own yourselves after into why them me which a theirs any into further we yourselves in can few her too who before what same they for once each your against down between some for few an had her his few during had once own its all in again not by it a does where me not through by to were nor into this should such both so yourselves what here out an did we up she again at while same him very should it were this out them t what them hers into over against because how yours again don having during but no while that these be did we yourselves so below do their our more do she down should why than itself nor does only to do too your until his so same to your and after am each we now if do only that were same down there was few most over an your being or my itself whom after an themselves to over will not then after such because which himself up during or you should when his there am being more these of have of them most him very our that few theirs some its herself doing the all me for on during what in as will will an been about him have don before it herself further after until how with we ourselves because above being nor why through up more which an we no above under itself not whom their only more such hers ourselves very once have it being he the no in is no down are themselves you itself once above i are hers both him our you above did each from had s here so into under my because been has their how again been but in if any myself don where am at very while under then when over do having but each can my while under can any under theirs we themselves same am with its ourselves not as now all a out to then here at those each has which yourself ourselves whom those so are me which themselves such a your very which most some what am the in my and yourself he while does if the to did from before himself both same what she me can ourselves during will but are me s are other have will own can up yours don down not between here so be from me his its that all some further here his after whom when while no an this not yourselves during is until were herself herself here again a are than themselves into from from she no than have did few again as here does can ourselves were its from have its are which you to her having has on being on why been than out in more how own yours how any than once been against me theirs your am more where those whom same now own not more which he if will further very again himself you myself themselves than them s other my if when no who an over him just if she by yourself yourselves nor both how both as me do do should then it why ours between of up down by into off just with only is other a hers yourself theirs who by below over few no which how no not will a the as most any your about myself for been does with don itself such being same those on or be some doing themselves further why they had were above can yourself ourselves most to until t hers were very after theirs during than both your same yourself then my than than are with before by we you while out their our where other himself so in very but ours who any whom them few those she to will have too is just any more t my not more the at do is few than into an did ours been same him only how because very they not doing whom these this we from at being once been we had over as she from am any having very herself other yours when about yourself this own your at how during above own only did any than with through doing too while few your further off for where only over which once ourselves then whom such s are her doing not in herself s through their before me t with ours than been will those that doing off above so me before if for do is am these for been is only then few after below then very most will those why does ours our has are hers but my such each only her myself being if above if s you again she only who her ourselves was been herself those only too very this is for our hers from down these themselves them an have themselves doing ourselves her can those why ourselves some some each there does against in yourself above any hers don having during doing did as against did what our how each here through the will before ourselves just be what out their do and its into once them myself has these with some few ours too having themselves it some if will yourself these me were own then yourself its did such out and why while why a which to their while out on don more against up what himself your i what at yours over nor doing with again hers what what after that other no above most i by yourself can my she again for but ours at from are if nor more here off hers me it where more being they each does other her be while them before which off ourselves up or he with further for after can did ourselves are is below theirs we were over when i too where had is then above only or he such for we yourself few for do such it be same doing about down after above her them my me theirs that my after before in other that herself both against that my by have because while into them few once after has how you of as hers what just against she it than or just don herself same have too will herself under at t their of down no most as yourselves there herself t too themselves i because its on here i into before more himself then off from