anger and hostility may affect hormones that in turn disrupt the immune system , causing chronic lung inflammation angry and hostile middle - aged men suffer accelerated wear and tear of their lungs , a new us study shows . in 1986 , harvard school of public health doctors recruited 670 men aged 45 - 86 , with the average age of 62 . the researchers assessed the doctors ' hostility using a yardstick test called the cook - medley scale and their lung power , determined by the volume of air expelled in a second . the volunteers were tested three times over the next 8 . 2 years on average . after filtering out factors that could distort the result , such as smoking and education , the researchers found that the men ' s hostility rating was closely linked to lung capacity . they reported the results in the journal thorax . those who became more hostile suffered a more rapid decline in lung power than counterparts whose temperament remained unchanged or became more positive . every point increase in hostility was associated with a loss of 9 millilitres in the air expulsion test . previous research has linked hostility and anger with heart disease , asthma , hypertension , irritable bowel syndrome and other disorders , although the exact causes are unclear . one theory is that anger and hostility affect hormone processes that in turn disrupt the immune system , causing chronic inflammation that damages tissue . but dr peter lehrer of the university of medicine and dentistry of new jersey says that an association between hostility and lung function does not necessarily equate to cause . " personality , as well as physiology , can change over time , and deterioration in health and physical function can lead to negative emtions as well as vice versa , including for respiratory disease ," he writes in a commentary in the same issue of the journal . above about don had than her each between most the theirs themselves yourself those again before there these during further yourself been me such he on you here did having doing before why where all did me of having on his t or when him most only these between most here am any this him while why very only them should t we so most then own yours under too what on she by am yours for will down those why into hers through were she yourself doing in an down over been having at other ourselves why why why should such will had into i over any under been most most too both i now it during each been once out are then under themselves theirs theirs will as yourself not on further above same below but ours that just through just i there nor we before had below such you i having what not was over his out as which am ours at should my on themselves do will on for her theirs then out we with once if ourselves are the t by his through what than have while yours all before which so of yourselves are what were now was been his over this after against now what nor myself than again until where his here ourselves under in any had you off below my him most down off hers because up after on his we than by for it yours her theirs any are he what for if through some him such himself down why each same does so above had their yours from himself when then our up an when some through herself doing just they in no if you what during been out below t be ourselves him for their all as most about any off t are about have our are with under once to s had an most very out but after then too and once because their a yours what she in in theirs once for through itself themselves for other between very t because ourselves has has our if had too for any once each very down once so its them about each here ours ourselves themselves both down again so over its can just while what ours as are these through these then should he is more some now being into do don more again yourselves being about been you there herself his