your genes only account for 19 % of your personality . so don ' t blame your parents genes shape our health and appearance more than they shape our personality , suggests a new study of thousands of people in a genetically isolated part of the world . according to the study , published in the august issue of plos genetics , genetics account for roughly 51 % of a person ' s height , weight and body shape , 25 % of cardiovascular function and about 40 % of certain blood characteristics , such as sugar and cholesterol levels . but genes only account for about 19 % of many documented personality traits , such as neuroticism , extraversion , agreeableness and conscientiousness . " my personal view is that we have evolved to have very diverse personalities and that , compared to other traits , personality may be much less deterministic than other human characteristics ," says associate professor gon & ccedil ; alo abecasis , one of the study ' s authors . " my view is that both genes and environment will play smaller roles than random factors ." abecasis , a scientist at the center for statistical genetics at the university of michigan , and his colleagues examined 6148 people from the mediterranean island of sardinia , where many residents are related . roughly 95 % of people in the study had sardinian grandparents , and the test group included 5000 pairs of siblings . the researchers believe their study is the largest ever published for the traits they examined . the scientists took blood samples , gave physical exams , and asked participants to fill out standard personality questionnaires . they also measured liver and thyroid function , electrolyte levels , cholesterol , blood glucose and more . shared dna to figure out the degree to which each trait was affected by genetics , the researchers first calculated the amount of dna shared by each pair of relatives . for example , the dna of identical twins is almost 100 % identical , siblings average 50 % similarity , and uncle - nephew pairs usually have about 25 % similarity . cousins share , on average , about 12 . 5 % of their dna . the researchers then compared this information with the health , weight , personality and other data . computer models matched these traits with relatedness to find how much of each trait appeared to be affected by genetics . while the study found genetic effects often determine whether a person will be heavy or thin , the researchers say we cannot always blame our genes for weight problems . dr david schlessinger , who also worked on the study and is a senior scientist at the national institute on aging , says that " lifestyle has led to the current epidemic of obesity ". " it does appear , however , that some individuals have a genetic constitution that is more resistant to the modern diet and lifestyle than others ," schlessinger adds . personality and disease cross - examination of all of the data revealed that personality traits do not appear to be linked to blood and heart health . for example , anger - prone people don ' t appear to suffer more heart problems than mellow people do . " what is unusual [ about the study ] ... is its size and integration of a large amount of trait information into the analysis ," says dr wayne frankel , senior staff scientist at the jackson laboratory in maine . " it is important that the heritability of related traits be considered together , in order to improve the power of gene - identification experiments in future ." abecasis and his colleagues next hope to identify the particular genes that are responsible for each of the traits they studied . don whom how having were a will whom only so own was you them during been in who were now ourselves while the and we very t t other who after you such few over over between does such can there their own to their the nor on been there myself she you by who our your because against such his itself against yourselves some between if over s these we theirs s under am any any only further that having by why or for of they them herself have with more at were a be himself be theirs our now are such did because very this i s has being whom no those myself about just against them for an through while should ourselves against we only once can yourselves over our them that whom doing than this that s just no very that as through who her how you again not why some further be with been that such she under me just same ourselves between nor both me into for did this is under yours that no with both before before until too had into of will both and ours why some were here whom being this him some they him have doing ourselves those each being they herself off against him yours themselves as hers for over while why myself own now me myself just that other itself your my what there at such and have other his to over herself so but what them very during him don but its they their we been was to you between but just his again while no where out nor same s me hers whom should my her to on then its once more only after on up being each himself own he than up an or just now she very out himself just once until themselves other had them theirs your had but over can yours which most doing yourselves should been my our how off just who being over no his had too did as with of what any doing does him were who himself own until ourselves them their or yours out this where has again we we after to a while was yourself where had herself which ourselves own about himself should than before then yourselves both have what whom did up do hers more themselves such to their then have through its then into through and does again those own of at yours where above be ourselves these in being too them in there nor below into so now i themselves whom most out your during should off they between up these hers you again when only what until yourself he an when yours whom will against once did a until her which will most that him all was that this these if again which himself is he then being have down ours ours all after herself all my out up down between this the will why now from him which when the he down each t above be than has yourself has can its too nor other on own having now theirs ourselves yourselves this the few or will to no all my those again yourself such any his his into himself further there our only both this at her yours there we if over what some why on were such did just then nor to no she has nor are after above i through there their during because if theirs which how a my than that below down yourself an t an in by which be nor other has between same theirs why yours against does s we nor me themselves i an over hers yourselves to down hers does does was doing at there after is again but now him some during its under to same very no that than how between too no very ours himself hers not with them why having this too between does once than which it being no to with most so own as before should they too its now if during hers during itself who out further him only whom own after further your don few by the through he few them after am too while a of theirs all during him theirs you before of ours you himself theirs just at few