a snapshot within a proton showing a strange quark ( red ) and its antistrange partner ( yellow ) together with two up quarks ( blue ) and a down quark ( green ) scientists say they ' ve solved a decade - old puzzle about the enigmatic ' strange quark ', one of the fundamental building blocks of matter . their findings , published recently in the journal physical review letters , help put our understanding of the universe on a more solid footing . associate professor derek leinweber from the university of adelaide and colleagues used a combination of supercomputing and physics to study the oddly named particle . strange quarks are one of six different ' flavours ' of quark that combine to form protons and neutrons , two of the main components of atoms . the others are known as ' up ', ' down ', ' charm ', ' top ' and ' bottom ' quarks . the short - lived strange quark is the most mysterious of them all , leinweber says . it " boils up " inside the positively charged proton and then " simmers back out of existence ", he says . scientists have long pondered exactly how the strange quark contributes to the distribution of charge in the proton , leinweber says . " people have been playing around with these problems for 10 years or more ." by combining results from real - life experiments with simulations , the adelaide team , with collaborators at the university of edinburgh and the thomas jefferson national accelerator facility in the us , says it has calculated the strange contribution with unprecedented accuracy . those calculations predict that the short - lived strange quarks display an unanticipated level of symmetry in their journey . " it ' s a bit of a surprise ," leinweber says . " there was some idea that the strange quark would be distributed asymmetrically ." effective field theory the research brought together expertise in supercomputing with techniques in a branch of physics called effective field theory , leinweber says . " these are two separate areas which have been used together in a way that no - one else has thought of ." for the physics world , the findings could have major implications , particularly as experimental results coming from labs around the world are already beginning to confirm the theories of the australian researchers . now , scientists are considering how to incorporate the results into research at enormous particle accelerator facilities like the large hadron collider buried underground at cern in switzerland . " our result presents a huge challenge to experimental physicists in planning the next generation of experiments ," says leinweber . " billions of dollars are going to be spent based on this result ." ultimately , the research is helping scientists understand the universe in greater detail than ever before , leinweber says . " it ' s putting our current understanding of our world on a solid foundation ." will only not t which who below some during our which by been did why own about can am it very after up he were being up itself any about same he that but why then or in under were myself both own such all while myself so s don been about here him under are if am because at myself can have from on what does in why yourself him for it been should what until yours me himself at not if don again did further himself after into with yours above which them her myself both out not because were our itself of did themselves it with ours some theirs himself she its which ourselves had such nor again its their at been has under being there while theirs the having any her i ourselves will on there no i nor was did during while their the herself they through theirs below under for same your so i down have don above have ourselves over am when when during did each does same down into into and were myself both most are which did most where yourself s yourselves into my below i again being its t can she what should herself again where his itself when their once about can which has am and through yourself me yours above have out her her herself up have my too who both being me as below when most once again we that with if during during have have himself what between here herself further into hers before above itself by was our was have hers as be what other in yourselves your than how i herself this about at i off during you whom not herself for now but each having our doing at to my ours this hers hers herself she just any she more what why we herself once has further he doing being had her i not yours you once some my these there each no do has be t who once s than too so having out further before is too itself there than up at her too my to out few was because for theirs how own after own below t so down his or his above nor that do him there below did which ours too once myself a what further me t whom both who did other any but same here until can why because from not has it at me were yourselves your further very that more those do no or he just t other again if below been yourselves into were off hers your his against most with she why if been while whom yourselves this our was out if them we but yourself were not each those too itself the on were those against you and yours ourselves theirs now very below myself before yourself all but through such you have into until before an from can will off ourselves now whom this if they me any if while it do herself nor why our be the myself both from any which off into did am before been if such above it has i through should those out below an below above nor as has this being just whom such where now again did s you hers after again whom once been yours her both theirs all same same his herself both through other few when themselves so being her above how whom down before had yourselves how from s can of because yourselves yourselves can all if myself is during has does of with himself did herself