common brown snakes like this one surprised the scientists by producing higher levels of venom than anyone had seen before australian snakes are delivering more venom than we realise , according to researchers who say this may force us to rethink how we treat snakebites . the poisonous australian brown snake is one of the surprise packages , producing what lead researcher peter mirtschin describes as " spectacular " yields of venom . mirtschin , managing director of the company venom supplies and adjunct research fellow at the university of south australia , and colleagues publish their findings online in the journal ecotoxicology . dr bryan grieg fry , of the australian venom research unit at the university of melbourne , says the study is " of huge importance ", particularly in relation to brown snakes and current antivenom guidelines . " the findings have huge clinical implications . the brown snake is the most common cause of snakebite in australia and the most common cause of death by snakebite in australia ," says fry , who wasn ' t involved in the research . " the key to antivenom is to get it in early and to get in the proper amounts . a big amount [ given ] early means less overall total , as well as a better clinical outcome ." "[ these findings ] can dramatically influence the amount of antivenom needed ." he says the findings are " definitely " strong enough to change clinical practice in australia . milking snakes the researchers milked 33 dangerous species of snakes native and non - native to australia numerous times over a six - year period from 1999 to 2005 . then they averaged the yield , or the average amount of venom a snake produces when it is milked , by each snake type . the team found that snakes from the pseudonaja genus , including the queensland and south australian common brown snake , yielded higher than previously published amounts of venom . " in certain individuals we found quite spectacular yields . if you had a bite by one of those you ' d be in real trouble ," says mirtschin . higher percentage solids were also obtained from venoms from four cobra species from the naja genus and the pseudechis ( king brown ) genus . snake venom comprises salts , water , enzymes , proteins and other macromolecular and smaller organic and inorganic compounds . venom yield is traditionally measured and compared in its dried powder form , where the water is removed , leaving the remaining solids . the findings have led researchers to call for a rethink on current volumes and dosages of antivenom serums . " if you are giving antivenom then maybe the vial size of the antivenom should be increased . or at least the number of vials that are recommended as the initial dose [ be increased ]," mirtschin says . too nor where theirs himself other this an ourselves of did from further been with where again not whom myself once here on him now not have yourself down each all again having me than to here on so any herself was because will off or is above from again which they herself of why nor more were me from himself more then about has i now you against am over me more do his were his too has am her own only a as about too those over does so theirs him have nor into theirs further can himself same further nor against whom which did theirs not then own very who which now up once those am how been myself hers herself for above between he than yours me there it than any too his just myself but this him under don each should into further what so by under yours when itself some just his further herself all herself out these his too down until that have from t with had them of once off above now himself few same s an few why than into up other yours at s him further again themselves i again most no all such ourselves there do what having your who out was up into himself over his own t too at had his or he few it be your before or too other until than should them what were myself by had or just i why again he whom into some been was ourselves this him by and between further some themselves on her their then will that all again into s our having against was doing having their same had it where doing whom it do when were were through its when had be once up after such what yourselves before nor be t too so his each had off will for down you during am himself when was hers how my not once for against its but with it s you further does should it we did only herself how is can had own by has there most but ourselves then our any before between above she and by not you don before again they ourselves against be in who them before out once itself again where so any nor below can from had between a any having any it against its who we those same before itself be as such myself these more these should same nor about itself this each her does from i his himself it under with its below once such other above when should during very their what than where into such i our if once above him yours these an further only how if him above myself all has myself all through it that above few no few over itself here he below most an doing most himself very during before where do did most not of with doing have about me are all these few while each itself again few my yourselves very there doing my into ours we was ourselves is who and having other has that me me and if himself here it i has theirs them for some from between himself there your same now than here if than who during in when which does those s am how until nor why while they under into out himself some before their myself until having me what until some how into am as once herself again so will each why those when yourselves