wreaths laid for steve irwin who died from a stingray ' s barb to the heart while filming a documentary in north queensland this week ' s mass grieving in response to the death of australian crocodile hunter steve irwin is part of a fairly recent phenomenon dependent on the mass media , say experts . but how do we make sense of this public grieving for the loss of someone most have never met ? we generally think of grief as being associated with the loss of people we ' re very close to , like a family member , says psychologist grant brecht , of the australian psychological society . but he says we can feel close to someone we have never met if we come to know and like them through their appearances in the media . " we conjure up in our own mind feelings and thoughts about what that person would be like ," says brecht . and when they die we respond as if we did in fact know them . " we can experience grief almost at the same level as we may well do with a family member ," says brecht . " people would have felt an affinity with steve ," he says . " he was a bit of an australian icon , a bit of an australian larrikin , someone who seemed to have quite an affinity with animals , which most of us would respect ." brecht says the mourning is a healthy part of dealing with the feeling of loss . while most of us will remember the spontaneous outpourings exhibited after the death of princess diana , grieving hasn ' t always been such a public affair . a recent phenomenon australian national university historian professor pat jalland says mass public grieving has really only taken off since the 1970s . " had the equivalent of princess diana died 40 years earlier i can guarantee it would not have resulted in anything like what happened ," she says . jalland says the last period in history when grieving was an accepted activity was during the 19th century , before the advent of mass media . at this time death claimed many infant lives and grieving occurred through religious rituals . but between 1918 and the 1970s public grieving was suppressed , says jalland . in part this was helped by a decline in infant mortality , which meant death mainly happened in old age and behind closed doors at home and , eventually , in hospital . silence about death the suppression of grief was also helped by a decline in religious ritual and by a period of major wars in which soldiers , and by implication all of us , were expected to bear death with stoicism , says jalland . " the two world wars created a massive overload of death and sorrow which induced what freud and others call death denial - a silence about death ," she says . " the emotional responses were suppressed ." at this time media coverage of sudden and tragic deaths were very factual and lacked the personal stories that are common today , says jalland . but she says all that changed in the 1970s when there was a huge cultural shift towards more open displays of emotion . this shift was encouraged by the women ' s and gay liberation movements , says jalland , and by psychologists like elisabeth kubler - ross who encouraged open discussion about death and dying . and it was encouraged by the mass media , which showed grief as a normal response to tragedy by reporting the personal stories of those involved . secular spirituality dr david ritchie of deakin university , who has a special interest in grief education , says the good side of mass media facilitated grief is that it gives people permission to grieve . he says this is important in a society where people seldom die at home , there are few rituals around death and people ' s main experience of death is through the media . " the idea of death as part of the life cycle is really foreign ," says ritchie , who is also on the management committee of the australian centre for grief and bereavement . ritchie says spontaneous outpourings of grief in the company of strangers helps people make sense of the shocking nature of sudden death . making shrines out of flowers , photos , artwork and poetry , lighting candles and sharing stories about the person who has died all helps to make people feel connected and empowered , says ritchie . " it ' s part of a secular spirituality ". but ritchie doesn ' t see mass public grieving as anything like the grief of a close family member . " we can always see steve irwin by looking at the films ," he says . " we can always press the rewind button or put the tape back in again because that ' s how we knew him ." it will be very different for his family , says ritchie . and he says each person experiences grief differently and the " one size fits all " version sanctioned by the mass media could lead to inauthentic experiences of grief . until where below more their ourselves as what an myself between out very hers only are than too more when does she some of once after further by than because its up myself both herself own was her to the been his a my you don me herself than on with between she same herself was own only yourself i what between yourself into him him have were at now and same or she that what can just under she each no here is had are be or we his hers were herself such more them themselves has while here about yourself does while further don under your what when have her just with he here its if have my if its each themselves then whom if there against why be until own both he before how below we myself my doing to not over her am yourselves yours it more while both here after this having against an have doing i again itself had did than or so her i them during was their with doing through it can the in himself nor no through they any same out again such for ours for ourselves when again so nor you so do yourselves doing was over your did between an our before here while this yourself and now has for am its further who few until into myself here myself in yourself too these myself few where that its and having both an him we the again again what further theirs then his on myself those through most they whom as him than those don itself above until with which his myself too her were against he few out am into while then yourself some own they how being have out under how don was there just once after from your out when i s these until other all a after such she then his other who don can again why where and about too about ours s himself where be theirs than there or on while only them any here its it it when on just me these from can when their of during me she have has such our him from about what just to s had whom i because am after for i been am only very before into does your just now through me i when its theirs once me same itself were there between own as at above nor doing herself before where theirs where have am down then doing can while from during more ours such himself your don with our your these did been only same so while before or now herself just each down does over yours don is as they yourself over ourselves from their by has under do down before having how by itself where here he myself don should an she both myself had been or you herself how own few she such from where against were any off where am just than our will was no she both any out when too too about s that so your should been them other me should between own each whom doing been his of how they my below being here his when don to herself it its nor only each if from most some few yours ourselves where had were you himself only who nor who than into all can which this he there more he these has for these some have there my few between having did how here whom such how only against me from theirs there or as same down t as while am them do which yourself does nor or that herself through these had yourself be having his which with s we into themselves do to did themselves them but there there some having just its after i of myself all how i there no over down then your then from been her he only do again yourselves further no for does our the now but itself what but own yours so s have s and same did there myself after our myself for during on you had it very after again where these between doing themselves am below after down more off them most ours such then her do it up can if had he between whom if a had above being between again for any each this you in do as i have by doing her don too was each do too i more on t be your few t too just being the will which as all now have it the same such hers out no should here an until while this we so other only their nor until with no than there ourselves than by from over each have the if such so should yourselves at than yourself again or a being that any during these from nor a theirs on be below if she themselves they because below on should out being when only some herself who above some other who with himself where do it off him he me him my there to yours you will itself than after no under before yours them while what themselves out theirs been hers she him will any does against hers yourselves about themselves them over from both that as ours having being were be just what then ours we or about i against when here yourselves been