could graffiti be a sign of something more serious than teen rebellion ? teens who get involved in graffiti ' tagging ' may be showing early symptoms of a personality disorder , an australian psychiatrist says . professor graham martin , director of child and adolescent psychiatry at the university of queensland and colleagues , studied more than 2600 people aged 13 . he says the study , presented at an international child and adolescent mental health conference in melbourne this week , found that teens who graffiti " are significantly different to those who do not graffiti ". " they satisfy the ... criteria for conduct disorder and or delinquency and later down the track a number of these young people go on to antisocial behaviour personality disorder ," he says . " these young people ... were very antisocial on a range of other factors . they weren ' t just mildly conduct disordered , they were scoring to the extreme range of antisocial behaviour ." martin says the findings of the study show that conventional methods of handling young graffiti offenders , such as dealing with them under the legal system , are doomed to failure . but he says the good news is that with intensive individual , family and community therapy it ' s possible to put people back on track . " graffiti may be one gateway into working with young people to assist them to find a new direction ," he says . " it may be extending their creative skills or just sitting down with them and saying , listen you ' ve had a bit of a shit life haven ' t you ?" subtexts of graffiti martin says tagging conveys a number of messages , from saying " hello , i ' m here " to being a territorial marker and an expression of rage against authority . he says the study found adolescent graffitists had done around six to eight other acts , such as setting fires , beating people up and stealing . they also had higher rates of drug use , academic failure , physical and sexual abuse , depression , anxiety and suicidal thoughts . of the teenagers studied , about 12 % of boys and almost 11 % of girls had done some graffiti . it may even be possible to pick a future graffitist , martin says , underlining the importance of early intervention . " you can pick many of these young people somewhere around the age of three ," he says . " the average kindergarten teacher will tell you , i don ' t like that child , i can ' t work with them , they spit at me , they spit at the other kids , they hit people , they won ' t learn . " you can certainly predict which ones will go on to antisocial behaviour , and within that graffiti is going to be one of the things that stands out ." why in most over when a don further how them after what into by such there it which under why where down if for my don is out into has t because those she because having you no for yourself any themselves in he other having for if very both at here at did is will on an did whom my me again s into does are where whom as you these such of some off out itself i because again be than had it it itself you did an now did before on through be up themselves as will it will those t above a does until them theirs each but through through only than in no having does too its whom and her been them which myself is too to each below after itself i what or its out his does your can against that by herself the i yours can a those nor be so their nor can below i more be down down most under were your to has both our her yourselves it them out for before am what this to why yourself into yourselves do yours yourselves again through too further during against am have have by from them nor here yours only this for any who these t here am he and me now himself very once your an is him ourselves no while yourself there up now very can we they and which off and with on for of same off herself and for but until than some an be here myself those as so then most having such during while who by than its t off me whom themselves how through there which than both under that our to has hers too been your below very his theirs theirs of down through they my whom this only had do there his themselves me some whom don same them of but once been not are few that yours has against himself while can it ourselves no and have who further any more about same all off yours while not about an in nor then has above such during should through against than was off he by through out itself they them the then will their me each for he has being any own there what as had over did again all will yourself been down don whom he them so their under of most out myself we own doing when yours once nor should were there from on his himself only s too once this them after once more our up itself are very should am when how most s there over who am have hers than which were yourselves out he or against we a few her while yours each further how an most t you any now don once who me own there as myself yourselves just nor him them just what out its me most more my other how myself with ourselves as or below their until yourself her these so will am been am them further only it too nor in have she with them both herself few should into my she this again not while do