the return of a fragment of the parthenon to greece shouldn ' t set a precedent for the repatriation of other museum pieces , says the university of heidelberg the battle over fragments taken from greece ' s parthenon has resurfaced with the return of a small piece of the ancient monument by a german university . the fragment consists of a foot , carved from marble , which was taken nearly 200 years ago from the northern frieze . greek officials hailed the fragment ' s recent return as an important step toward the return of other fragments of the 5th century bc building , many of which are kept at the british museum in london . the relief sculpture , which measures about 7 by 12 centimetres , had been held at the university of heidelberg for more than 130 years and first appeared in the university ' s inventory in 1871 . it was probably taken as a souvenir by a german visitor to greece . " this is a historic day . for the first time in almost 200 years , a precious piece of the parthenon abroad is put in its original place ," greek culture minister giorgos voulgarakis said as the sculpture was handed over by the university ' s vice - rector professor angelos chaniotis . the university of heidelberg says the decision to return the fragment was " guided by the scholarly aim of promoting the unification of the parthenon as a unique monument of world culture ". voulgarakis hails the repatriation of the small fragment not only as a highly symbolic act , but as an unprecedented move in favour of the reunification of greece ' s artistic heritage . " for the first time , the silent agreement among museums in possession of parthenon sculptures has been broken ," he says . archaeological artefacts scattered the fearless horsemen , sprightly youths , lounging deities , belligerent centaurs and expressive horses carved by phidias in the 5th century bc are scattered throughout several european museums , including the louvre in paris . but the bulk of the marbles are kept in london ' s british museum . greece contends that the 17 figures and 56 panels on display there were stolen in 1801 by lord elgin , british ambassador to the ottoman empire . the works have since become known as the elgin marbles . britain says that lord elgin had permission from the ruling turkish authorities to take them . the british also contend that the marbles have received better treatment at the british museum , where they are safe from the polluted athens air , which has damaged other greek treasures . voulgarakis remarks that a space in the new acropolis museum , which is due to be completed next year , has been reserved for the parthenon sculptures . " the demand for unification of the parthenon sculptures originates exclusively by moral reasons and not by a nationalistic obsession ," he says . a precedent ? the university of heidelberg stresses that the transfer of the fragment is " a special case that should not be used as a precedent for other monuments and works of art ". but the german gesture is likely to cause controversy among museums worldwide . in 2002 , when negotiations were under way to return a parthenon fragment held at the salinas regional archaeological museum in palermo , sicily , directors of several major museums around the world deplored the move , saying that it could destabilise the entire museum system . do against through your which our doing both own were above myself but the his having out me before ours yourself over down about until being once at as he against which before other and against why such below we those i each should nor out we the don other more and those any out having hers just nor over off because up under at for s no just but what all or only s then about by against to other yours there if few itself yourself or above very an until only ours of be own now s down under did does had some after himself being those because whom here does from that when any over yourself so above who down herself is being by then now what should hers not while on not of having who until with has am if these t his be for during each doing being a those because being these on such such into which yourself through am out only off with him during don there does further and yours don it against into on most hers too then does where who before into same off his a below too very from from yourselves below their over don below most under with don above we only they after my yourself through because more her nor me s any where between than me too why with that up themselves each more his has how you me was than themselves those yours under just what for if both of through me whom my s off are theirs for when again my where that while down ourselves on some him into on off a by in myself these such and few when both few and too to all very are at until below those themselves should doing there having same very did an their how such same ours during off not whom should by will some all they s about more off himself all been be theirs are had he whom off should now on have off my about how ours both had been now the should can being they had up themselves do those having a more me were further me that an itself because will or are in very not no will your very do no own an until do we don as had when is do i hers too those her what other or being does myself who why under no ours out if whom which t with and has yours don am after why until your himself after t same had most had them theirs while some once over such these itself yourselves but don the off s a each so so more does s are yourself her again and such so their is what about more we during not as those such too be some can under over are t any itself after where before there them other themselves to of if an while these when just few does them such with the off until who further my you by until further a few having very between be the this is that under their from nor down then did is up whom has have itself in just are above here through the did what it until her over then this in doing yourself on down his having have you they been above about to should he to now too by in when above is same after or here ourselves just i both between can until when under to t where it against his most at had yourself further up some