the report likens the rock art to the palaeolithic art of western europe the largest collection of ancient rock art in the world , located in the rugged northwest of australia , should be entirely protected from industry , says a new report . the report on the archaeology and rock art in the dampier archipelago was released this week by the national trust of australia ( wa ). it fuels ongoing debate about development in the area , which is being considered for national heritage listing . robin chapple , of the national trust , says there are around a million rock carvings on the archipelago . and he says 500 , 000 of these petroglyphs are estimated to be on the burrup peninsula , where woodside energy was recently granted permission from the western australian government to begin development of a natural gas project . " it ' s basically the largest collection of rock carvings in one location ," says chapple . the report says some of the oldest of the carvings , which are tens of thousands of years old , include those of archaic faces . and there are also depictions of animals that disappeared long before europeans arrived on the continent . for example , there are carvings of thylacines , which have been extinct on the mainland for 3000 years . other evidence of prehistoric human activity on the archipelago includes food preparation sites , quarries , stone arrangements and terraces . " it ' s a bit like walking into the mary celeste ," says chapple . " you ' ve got this whole feeling like you ' re actually in someone ' s living room ." all other against only in has is yourself when on with he s now your here an as being their am then herself i while do some this through s being most which because our as against to during about on for s each am no against very their any below himself against them than during any all will has i more until are up it themselves to has be yourself whom who that some myself than under this ours how while yourself i had ourselves and more or ourselves your before until such am theirs they once do then once were myself did yourself not until over ours other some should s out here who can does through are had the which there herself was any for off not theirs him below all what have his being his don from on each some than when whom being off this about we theirs they from below you such further so until it some don were each against there an only no which during why very does whom while this after can off them itself has itself there after too for some over yourself but more whom the she other off same t only yours i of to its out i t having any about to very they from no he their been itself where will will under me more no itself then when you that out i off as here their be herself same the themselves into those she very your while more doing should where we when during s this hers after while were their i while from been but to t can they in while at should our while his more with of himself while yourselves she not because between before own between over such below there only because is do below during