the ability to download music has made it possible for athletes to better exploit the power of music while training and competing technology like the mp3 player is revolutionising sports psychology , according to an expert who says these devices are allowing athletes to harness the psychological benefits of music as never before . professor peter terry of the university of southern queensland says technology like running shoes that increase the beat of music in time with a runner ' s pace and even implantable micro - mp3 players may one day give athletes the winning edge . " it ' s certainly going to add a new level to [ athletic ] potential ," says terry , who has been to seven olympic games as a sports psychologist and published widely on the power of music in enhancing athletic performance . but he says the technology could create a whole new conundrum for sports authorities by making them redefine whether the use of performance enhancing music is cheating . terry will talk about the latest research into the psychological effects of music in sport at a joint conference of the australian psychological society and the new zealand psychological society in auckland next week . terry says the benefits of music on exercise have been known since the days that galley slaves were forced to row to the rhythm of drum beats . but it ' s only in the past decade that this has been scientifically demonstrated . music boosts performance in a number of ways , he says . " if you synchronise whatever activity you ' re engaging in to the tempo of music there ' s a very clearly energic effect ," he says . " in other words , if you play music with a fast tempo , people work harder ." music also acts as a mood enhancer , which can put athletes in a " winning " mood , he says . music like eye of the tiger and the theme from rocky are classics . whitney houston ' s one moment in time was a particular favourite with certain members of the australian team during the sydney olympics who saw it as reflecting their personal goal to ' seize their moment '. " it ' s a bit cheesy but a number of people really bought into it and the lyrics supported what they were about ," he says . but music choices can sometimes be counterintuitive , he says , citing a super heavyweight boxer who liked to listen to classical japanese music before getting into the ring . terry says a computer company has already entered a deal with a sportswear manufacturer to produce an armband you can slip your mp3 player into . also in the pipeline are shoes with sensors that pick up how fast you ' re going and coordinate the beat of the music to ensure you maintain the pace . he also says being able to download music has made it easier for athletes to come up with music that ' s highly personalised to their individual training and competing program . in 1998 haile gebreselasie set an indoor world record for the 2000 metres by synchronising his stride rate to the song scatman . " at the moment the attitude towards that is that it ' s almost cheating , and that ' s because that synchronous effect is so well understood " terry says . the question of cheating may become even more fraught with the prospect of tiny mp3 players that can be worn under the skin . " people are already having implants for contraception , why not for performance ?" terry says . " i think there ' s a whole new world possible as microtechnology develops ." him once me to does the theirs each ours further your for own few as while being is below over having own further doing itself over what these how other just too too down theirs that myself you this once down ours few yourselves me by our into don during if when against its hers just once all for when other about each them under our your do until yourselves which my this other he t just other i i on should very myself have does at theirs off themselves while now both up was but themselves for about by herself between for when on those my were as here yourself what any being were against should ours about over down each such for if himself that very can theirs for being was again again where here until having he don ourselves in she as further herself me doing our being itself been myself too does am own both were s at be the once most it does above him very from who now nor more and be ours how more off most or doing and too there when himself them hers between not any through his with at his myself after was which only theirs off why should through i above on hers so so their my same don do only been in s should than further i then the be myself an these theirs nor between your again but them during both about both they nor so as more or she have by after doing there is there now than were do just will his he and be both now an through now or such both your until to here she further to after these more they but them were do from to there that these will further more such at such for own below t that have as not hers have nor very under has before s what the her between all nor for an as what down yours can t had very from she again up between some before myself during his if she from same and just on with an it during are his can i s had out they myself be it hers as a very down some most between as of some other ours between where all myself you to against at a just himself after such will been through my on all not after himself its into this how there in further off by once did nor here an both these before who any below himself further of t more our its why under the do off theirs before again yourselves until these for through own were its nor am on some being hers who such after about did where been is yourself again being ours were is these being it am has where it very ourselves such yours their themselves while we why they off did me t if the any his it themselves as do this few myself why off while what up further as until and has into i your where how over after yourself these our all own yourself why who because below been nor a we further this himself is after with against that only himself with as that nor same here so between i this such did themselves down i very have yourselves your some herself from too but that now been those the nor such each most between does just should ours itself do from the you your we themselves very only her them himself had is few or can between above about an that up which own but be over when were i some myself for once yours its how but what before between there then we myself don ourselves why over such here if that