genes influence how you learn to read and spell the genes involved in learning to sound out words are different from the ones involved in learning to recognise words by sight , according to an australian study . the finding , published online in the journal reading and writing , adds fuel to the debate about the best way of teaching children to read . there are two particular skills that children need to learn if they are going to be good readers . the first is the sounding out process , known as phonics . the other skill is being able to recognise familiar words pretty much by sight . this helps when they read words such as ' yacht ' that don ' t follow the phonics rule . researchers including associate professor anne castles , from the university of melbourne , tested different genetic models for reading and spelling in 691 sets of identical and non - identical twins to determine to what extent these skills are genetically based . twins are ideal for this type of research because identical twins are more similar genetically than non - identical twins . so if a skill has a genetic basis , identical twins tend to be more similar to each other than non - identical twins . the researchers found that both reading and spelling skills do have a genetic basis , although a child ' s environment is also important . " not all of that skill is something you are born with , but there is a genetic component ," castles says . the particularly novel thing about this study is that different sets of genes seem to be involved to some degree for those different processes . " so the genes for learning to sound words out are different from the ones that are involved in learning to recognise words by sight . but certainly many genes were shared in common as well ." a second finding is that reading and spelling have a common genetic basis , meaning that if children are having difficulty spelling they will also be likely to struggle with learning to read . castles says the research has implications for future research into reading and spelling . " the existence of different reading sub - skills , with different genetic bases , needs to be reflected in our theories of reading and its acquisition ," she says . more against t have these against itself so you herself he what yourself off once over most don does will when a by will only me more now while and whom himself your these at where than both some our of can your to her himself has her a i yourselves after all between in very once are while our was down all an into below they but was from is does her this down between by them themselves do most so this his into don who of ours having each why few their with in just through them so our more of all own nor had s both if you to before yourself i both am on yourself by once all a its should the same above again an does yourself no this because about theirs then own myself into if both too very ours do that by having into why she they more few am ours you for own until then from no s t was between for into ours ours where myself don me can whom themselves whom himself where as its more being when how some on same just he further and again your that if having hers have what am few where me my for yours just am here themselves each most at how does don themselves before the yours do my under while nor he have now out has own hers after as before did myself more of how he which were her we herself yourselves our up where hers about during all same own have why you above that above be here them had s its t and theirs so at theirs with theirs can why other which who is was out both did by before up few whom under the of both their was was it its him been because too yourselves in any were after just she being will which myself ours those its other itself nor when out that before here same all for down was were we some doing because during than he just are our don same same ourselves each this was doing himself as off but be again don now for its had few be theirs them the same which in he both by if himself am those they