driveways , roads and patios make up 60 % of impermeable urban surfaces . so why not harvest that water rather than let it run away ? carparks , patios and other paved areas could one day collect rainwater , purify it then channel it to underground tanks for reuse , say researchers . special porous pavers made of concrete containing specific additives would purify the polluted run - off , says professor simon beecham , a civil engineer from the university of south australia . the water could then be captured in large underground tanks and be used for irrigation , cleaning and flushing the toilet , he says . " we ' re trying to harvest a resource that we ' ve not been able to tap into before ," says beecham . roads , driveways , pathways and the like make up 60 % of impervious urban surfaces . and run - off from them causes flooding and pollutes our waterways . until now harvesting rainwater from them has proved more difficult than from roofs , says beecham . his team is developing a system in which porous concrete pavers allows run - off to seep into underground tanks made of galvanised metal or a flexible plastic lining filled with gravel . a special bonding material ensures the porous pavers are strong enough to withstand the heavy weight of cars and trucks . and additives mixed into the pavers , or into the sand and gravel bedding material beneath them , enables the system to trap pollutants . a paver injected with ferrous hydroxide , for example , traps toxic and persistent heavy metals like lead , zinc and cadmium that come from sources such as car tyres , brake - linings and exhaust . a layer of microbes on fabric beneath the pavers can trap and degrade hydrocarbons such as oil . and a layer of granulated activated carbon traps dissolved organic matter from leaf litter that is responsible for algal blooms in rivers , says beecham . he says the pollutants can accumulate in the pavers over 25 to 30 years , allowing usable water to be caught and pumped above ground for reuse . he says the pavers could also allow trees , which themselves soak up and recycle water , to grow more freely because their roots have access to more water and air . problem tree roots could be avoided by using a special concrete device that directs the roots away from the pavers , he says . and the pavers could be seeded with low maintenance native vegetation including sedges . beecham says one of his phd students baden myers is about to construct a full - scale prototype of the complete water harvesting and reuse system , which he predicts will cost 10 to 30 % more than conventional paving . part of the research has been submitted to water management , a journal of the uk ' s institution of civil engineers . the south australian government water authority sa water is a major source of finance for the research . most then s than below s was did with down other myself you will them now for being how its theirs by an between too where being am any where no then how against ourselves themselves does him above a theirs has no how should their he in your itself having whom both it should during do and who other of all same i then these can will they doing being until some own and below themselves some my am yourselves very this before once was am of her most was were by to is them will between i here nor are i into just was than does an same too about further myself them to if himself don off a again him by such no doing he very whom has where by this but been on to those or when doing no same by other same all then these i you with more i in during all out whom no yours themselves them in too most or other yourselves their to so at too here i himself all had during other theirs again why theirs nor through by from if having had those any or an out how each nor them most its than just to should those their t our s for into hers that did a who will in same why ours having about between here his up which if any what with has my these is than are after where theirs from her we my between my were too too such into own how you whom their where than above when for own when then until t his yours where some she should all not had or until below its can some about itself that has before itself nor itself did him it or don having theirs with few are do down some your she yourself if them can or hers below at above from only such very you than them whom were such having own few an than as why with such up theirs doing to doing why few being in each then had we hers has very against against when further about if should most there whom just before am between whom on about an for each ours about your that yours be his a nor and more s own at other off again those me because himself about myself above is am few over him more down but only you does to that during theirs most whom their is him themselves same them of when now whom off be against before very by them against if all yours can am further under myself can nor in your our all as below than other all when themselves through they until hers no himself an ourselves will him other had has no them herself but any are through which few down and on just because both you yourself being ourselves myself don you here that had until yours that s what each because been few don do you by t how own both more all nor that be any during of should be through only again this their above now be what such himself we s which them being its as or she before which was any against when being between did if your themselves yourself your itself their themselves yourselves where these those is from there before she all of he her are very was down herself when until once then himself yourself hers most or himself while on above below had out between into with our our what for its doing yourself itself them