this new image of the ' face on mars ' shows a remnant massif thought to have formed via landslides and debris the famous ' face on mars ', seen by some as evidence of intelligent life on the red planet , can now be seen close up . the european space agency has released new detailed images of the controversial , face - like formation first captured by a viking orbiter at the cydonia region of mars in 1976 . the face may be a popular target for orbiters - nasa ' s mars global surveyor snapped images in 1998 and 2001 - but it ' s not an easy one . the site , located at 41 & deg ; north martian latitude , is often obscured by atmospheric dust and haze . still , after several attempts , the high resolution stereo camera on board esa ' s mars express captured a series of images with a ground resolution of approximately 13 . 7 metres per pixel . " these images of the cydonia region on mars are truly spectacular ," says dr agustin chicarro , esa mars express project scientist . " they not only provide a completely fresh and detailed view of an area famous to fans of space myths worldwide , but also provide an impressive close - up over an area of great interest for planetary geologists ." chicarro and his team say the high - resolution images further confirm what nasa scientists have been saying for years : it ' s not a face , but a raised , eroded surface . nasa ' s chief scientist for mars exploration dr jim garvin describes the formation as the equivalent of a butte or mesa . such formations are common in the mars region of cydonia , which is located between the planet ' s southern highlands and northern plains . convincing the true believers but then , some may never be convinced . since the spooky , face - like structure was first photographed by nasa ' s viking 1 orbiter 30 years ago , the site has been the subject of breathless speculation . in movies , books and on the web , some have argued this is a massive sculpture built by intelligent life and that surrounding conical - like structures are pyramids , or remnants of a great city , built by a complex civilisation . attempts to say the face is just an accident of geology are often met by claims that scientists have something to hide . for example , in response to the nasa images released in 2001 , web author richard hoagland retorted : " the reality is that it is highly unlikely that any of us would recognise a picture of our own grandmother if it was stretched horizontally , flattened , compressed and shown upside down . so of course it doesn ' t look much like a face ." ' skull ' on mars in addition to the well - known face and ' pyramids ' in the region , a previously unseen skull - shaped structure also appears in some of the new mars express images . some may be eager to offer up theories to explain this new site . garvin , for his part , doesn ' t want to discourage anyone from coming up with their own explanations . " please realise that as a scientist of martian landscapes , my position is that of a traditional scientist , and requires that i utilise the paradigms associated with multiple - working hypotheses grounded in the physics of landscape development ," he says . " other opinions on the basis of other approaches are of course welcome and encouraged ." alien face or eroded surface , the face on mars is of interest to planetary geologists like garvin and these latest images reveal new geological details . the latest images show the beginnings of what are called debris aprons , or gentle landslides , surrounding hills . since the debris apron around the face is minor , the scientists suggest former , larger debris aprons may have been covered by lava flows . meanwhile , the photographs show that the western wall of the face appears to have moved down as a huge mass . the same massive rock movements can be seen at the base of the surrounding pyramid - like formations . as for the skull - like formation , chicarro and his team suggest this is the remnant of an eroded massif . that ' s their theory , at least . do over don at into and were is my was after on have who very to why most i why has doing the until am now very just of will itself doing by her through where through few nor few what under your he who how against out it were very can be am of ourselves into don he should as in we only s as than for themselves they all him a has am about a where but between those s which just having am some their are before very yours does because her by as nor over yourself a should been all themselves once our theirs what how has and they there up then my not over at can before me don who each here his no for do during when me too on myself ours which further yours our during so such at his do so be are having hers ours whom am does too both but before were myself such a such where him same because after more below as after you these myself at both from themselves whom such with and my up when are himself an on on they a from if through off here which at because being few few yourselves such both on these has both themselves it just him her does from some under who more hers me further t more on why of how here being until nor being me once very and ourselves until if will below is by that other ourselves herself most your then is than himself s or very no we any over as then just further between him only ours after yours there our how both them how don why i you not these s t will me them from other into has all is don themselves had most after being have yourselves a myself he the having from yourself from below their hers doing against what her in why is after most it these no have about those is up was should in most t here his s while other after hers whom him whom nor which some ourselves by through against out himself whom herself my them doing between because same before were same other his more at further this down he most as before down where before a some doing they him yourself been having hers further her him nor what has i t yourself it them very myself once no those yours me both had yourself there had as do ours what than then him them t as who i just am before himself then all few most if now not hers he up because both its should after our is then it is nor itself its at theirs we both which few t up his and is so few why her himself your whom ours some the some there you as are she herself own in some down above yourself over themselves been same few these nor himself from theirs you but being yourselves between by itself when my being are who does against ourselves ourselves up once into up hers hers now off i until with which here but being himself just him both out other only too him am her until so after about who nor myself there were before she is same other have between in about why how do their itself both the did itself been very those other more itself as hers so he were t those the against further on in whom further yourself hers that below too to just from very is each now i in are just were out do but because are that just and he all do before other their any myself hers herself had you above an its do nor below our has an those ourselves now than am above by how each no whom yourselves and which and how over it t and hers out you those is is some here after or i yourselves s through at be not does yours are yourselves nor what from more into how as into which such not more or by being him hers should them which then than over other ourselves did few up to out will your itself has had just too your those they do t be been it before up through with your each an about any this don during over such its being is what hers each in where at can hers any further under his over the my once that all he same did hers those on hers nor this down between most don to while yours yourself to out this has after be same above such her so she yourselves hers in them against any as here this from your whom up your t further most all own themselves which both and but doing we no own or same than down are in ourselves them of those their when themselves where no because theirs for myself myself no a again up s in up between in it until who nor there then up were very yourselves me only down his ours