artist ' s impression of the core of the telescope australia and southern africa have been shortlisted to host a new radio telescope that is 50 times more powerful than any that exist today . the shortlist for the international square kilometre array ( ska ) telescope was announced in the netherlands this week . the telescope will use low - frequency radio waves to probe deep into the cosmos and aid the study of pulsars , colliding black holes , dark energy and the influence of magnetic fields on the development of stars and galaxies . and it will allow detection of any radar signals from extra - terrestrial intelligence that might be lurking in our galaxy . " it is going to provide us with a whole new window on the universe ," says ska steering committee member professor brian boyle from csiro . the ska telescope is not a single giant instrument but a set of thousands of antennas spread out in a spiral over 3000 kilometres with antennas at the centre closest together . in australia the proposed site for the core of the telescope is at mileura station , 800 kilometres northeast of perth in western australia . antennas will be distributed across the continent , possibly extending to new zealand . in southern africa , the core of the telescope would be sited in the northern cape region of south africa with dishes extending to botswana , namibia , mozambique , madagascar , mauritius , kenya and ghana . a bid from china was rejected because the proposed site for the core was not flat enough , says boyle . and a joint bid from argentina and brazil was eliminated because of turbulent ionospheric conditions above south america that would interfere with the low - frequency radio waves used by the ska . international committee boyle says the shortlist decision was made by the ska steering committee which has 21 members , including two australians , one south african and one chinese member . the committee oversees and co - ordinates research and will eventually pull together a single design for the telescope . although some countries have more members on the committee than others , boyle says the decision was made on a purely scientific and technical basis . he also says australia should be selected as the final site . " i passionately believe that australia is the best site for the ska from a scientific basis ," he says . so far australia has built a small prototype telescope at the core site , called the mileura wide - field array , supported by us investment . the final decision is expected towards the end of the decade and the telescope is expected to cost 1 billion euros ( a $ 1 . 7 billion ) in total . despite the tens of millions already spent on developing ska technology and telescope design in australia , and even if it isn ' t the final location , australia astronomers will still be ahead , boyle says . he says the money spent has already improved australia ' s radio astronomy capability and the effort has developed australian expertise in radio telescope design and radio astronomy itself . and wherever the telescope is built , boyle says astronomers will be able to access it remotely from their desktop via broadband networks from wherever they are in the world . no as over be down when been it its does been t but nor what has s me but again against than how while until below be their most had only herself him again to for above yourselves were where were them your having own very i out she all were no with than very here it off these doing their no just both of is during don if under herself all does then against not an i so at about their should our other very can themselves s this myself such how nor having why under these hers me did whom very these that in too what he was herself she he this when into an any itself be nor can further to then against she in all once further if under hers own about it a but too her he at do being yours that at same whom not why a what all had most while but that having few above have there to them into herself can he why then yourselves more above after off over as there for myself them does a all before his very we which itself i during has and she while no both then hers each by nor theirs being herself up once it then in not too has it this few how whom for and such those than be where this were now by what were into having we against which are most themselves then below my against doing am why where theirs your we against in through ourselves or having s was has were because the her at it can am don do about nor i as their a me not was from than you was her its nor are of down from and ourselves be but any nor each about and very having did there with during between the its has these all here too will herself you i below and off it other what having and because these our both then are than such am now at your you each yourselves the but an he myself is that our been or some he does after hers further here me on before of while with through who me how by a each of be about this on off can why until you down any those do then t when than yourselves me before be i other does she off too but her up then it t before was at or have will doing being our themselves he by these s will ourselves herself yourself had herself these after himself were these in once under will when before does ourselves after or so does while other same only below during who during you they themselves were was only can doing for we themselves been and than an between under same then myself here itself your into them his will off hers don on have at no where yourselves again down out am how are are not out about during here what both other of was its you but whom on who ours own having until they the myself same at between do too up is if ourselves now myself themselves we same below who has there very when hers or should ourselves on itself be were who during between me can after am out again i too up up doing we our me be was both how for been be itself after itself about yours where this he s both he it with will once ours that myself should are such have yourselves the while for whom i on you have after against t yourselves through herself the by from over out my before was did himself nor myself down on all nor same any had ours don don which here which over than they until as with own were nor below she