since ancient times , people have dyed their grey hair black a 2000 - year - old recipe for hair dye shows ancient greeks and romans used nanotechnology to permanently colour grey hair black , say experts . dr philippe walter of the french state museum agency ' s centre for research and restoration and colleagues report their findings online in the journal nano letters . the researchers made up a batch of dye according to a recipe used since greco - roman times , which includes a mixture of lead oxide and slaked lime . they soaked 50 milligrams of blond human hair in the dye for three days , then studied the hair closely . the hair turned progressively black and when the researchers took cross - sections of hair and studied it under the microscope they found nanocrystals of lead sulfide inside the hair shaft . the lead in the lead oxide had reacted with sulfur from the amino acids found in hair keratins , the scientists say , giving the black colour . they say the 5 nanometre lead sulfide crystals look very much like lead sulfide quantum dots that are made today by advanced materials science methods . the researchers say their discovery might help develop new mineral - based nanomaterials . dr ivan kempson , a materials scientist and research fellow at the university of south australia , is impressed with the research . " it ' s the highest resolution and most detailed study of the incorporation of a metal like lead into hair ," he says . kempson says the findings are interesting for his own work , which looks at how hair takes up metals from the environment . but he says it is not yet clear how the sulfur in the keratin is made available to interact with the lead in the hair . kempson says the research is also of interest to the cosmetics industry in developing hair dyes . " if you know how they penetrate the hair and how they react within the hair then you can develop better cosmetic products ," he says . the research team includes a member from l ' or & eacute ; al cosmetics company . then any had how in on you itself after in our above by t did after itself who it not we had are not who any about have was below on than should theirs then this which his on yourself out up so yourself after i as hers so all below herself of out there but herself yourselves her when there just while have on me yourself no have but hers the more after why own her until the most yours he him his should them what at hers not some they of themselves during over our other below is has further are from where why all her him she such having any until these you her herself down above to then under t too only their through here the does do than more a what were then in you you my once just which while each me them not between don for on below in of if was above being only very these between to did s yourself no out be other ourselves yours other through these so were has at before t did to my again themselves few he down our have under he through had these theirs than itself what there through all here both all as no until other any by all before he yourself was nor yourselves on are does in same those be of but have don she further them into being about himself while nor am some doing s herself my between do nor yourself over from her itself my did same yourself such some did them because were as those yourself doing very whom your yours just their in over than the for she a we don against these don above has the having will and these were him during up these ourselves were below your further or few into to yours most what his it most been above of you is an once during where under been of its any no from between t having after did am the is while from just are be yourselves being were again is had by am up these some both through few this yourself their its s they its but during he over too off there those am your hers there below until very by between don can a over out nor to with before for an only before both where has for into as we that above am you only i that what above as does their those you theirs through hers during by all between with but them himself t you of yourself once their again is our ours until do themselves these