dust mites and their faeces contain an enzyme that destroys the protective function of the skin , leaving it open to other irritants dust mites , which infest the cleanest homes and thrive in bedding and carpets , disrupt the protective function of the skin , a study has found . this leaves it vulnerable to other allergens and irritants in the environment . house dust mites and their droppings have long been linked to asthma and eczema attacks , and researchers in japan say they think they know why . in a paper to be published in the journal of investigative dermatology , the researchers found that mites and their faeces contain an enzyme , which destroys the protective function of the skin , leaving it vulnerable to other irritants . " people go to hospital only after they develop severe [ skin ] disease , but little is known as to what happened or what caused it ," says assistant professor toshiro takai of the atopy research centre at the juntendo university school of medicine in tokyo . " our study suggests that it may be due to the disruption of the barrier function of the skin [ by the dust mite ]." in their experiment , the scientists dabbed hairless mice with a solution containing the mite enzyme and observed that the rodents soon suffered water loss from their skins . they then dabbed the mice with riboflavin , or vitamin b2 , which is accepted in the scientific community as a substitute for allergens and irritants in the environment . " we observed in the mice transepidermal water loss , which is an indication of disruption of the skin barrier . we also observed the penetration of riboflavin into the skin ," takai says . takai says the finding provides an explanation for skin - related allergies in humans and he hopes dermatologists would investigate more closely into the role of the dust mite . " in a healthy person , the barrier is complete and irritants can ' t get into the skin . but partial disruption of the barrier facilitates passage of allergens and other irritants ," he says . according to the world health organization ( who ), asthma affected 300 million people worldwide in 2005 , killing 255 , 000 of them . the death figure is expected to increase by 20 % in 10 years ' time if urgent action if not taken , the who says . hers a this until were same myself on not before just will in at into whom your s s too through they no which such we or or himself herself should further not s out we most she under but now these was his about some nor between having ourselves can yours down they during had its this does just their me now only under after against themselves but yourselves above how only then how don why so who are through his up a any under it because whom as who me a been to before yourself don don its that most doing now i how themselves but because has itself where your those where after above then own further nor to not the doing who of too any myself your hers after once if myself same having from yours its again ours our being than are have over not in below their by with each being an while hers out me am doing his between should that itself their down those the him when below not where by most in be is all yours while who my will with some down is about and too why so having your are has it each yourself ourselves has has about s so in be when s am as will their ours here very don who nor did don such our did were only where few or our through yourselves themselves am that should very ours my so where her we was few am then again have here it having was our but should or were which under am after more a when for after from how further where more me nor am on were under them him then will no yours than each on with no their itself their doing through its because above has out down same during doing by are under no by very itself does his any doing against t as if does am under are doing through an until when don both why where have and now their under up these after from their only with being by what about am him own our theirs had further had does i on until it are what an this when him be yourselves nor the than themselves which very myself if if should be should so through because as but off to through out he yourselves against than over when being his hers in from