say cheese research that calculates the number of photos you need to take to make sure no one in the group has their eyes closed has won two australians an ig nobel award . nic svenson and dr piers barnes of csiro industrial physics have been awarded the ig nobel prize for mathematics at a ceremony at harvard university . " i end up doing a lot of group photographs and the number of people blinking in photographs is driving me nuts ," says svenson , a csiro communications officer . so she thought there had to be some kind of rule to figure out how many photographs to take to make sure she got a good one . svenson researched basic information on how long a blink lasts , how many times people blink per minute and how fast camera shutters go . barnes , a physicist , worked out that blinks are random and that one person ' s blinks don ' t influence another person ' s blinks . and unless you have got something stuck in your eye , your blinks don ' t influence each other either . " he came up with a graph showing the probability of having someone blink in a photograph ," says svenson . " then he was able to do the reverse of that equation , as it were , to come up with the number of photographs to take ." the two found out that when you ' re taking photos of a group with fewer than 20 people you divide the number of people by three to get the number of shots you need to take . but in bad light the camera shutter is open for longer and this gives people more of a chance to blink while a photo is taken . so in bad light you need to divide the number of people by two to get the number of shots . as the size of the group increases , the number of shots you need to take increases exponentially , says svenson . and by the time there are around 50 people in the group , she says you can " kiss your hopes of an unspoilt photo goodbye ". fingernails scraping on a blackboard the winner for the ig nobel prize for acoustics went to three scientists who investigated responses to the sound of fingernails scraping on a blackboard . the study , called ' psychoacoustics of a chilling sound ', found that scraping fingernails was the most annoying sound out of 16 sounds tested . it was much more annoying , for example , than the sound of a dragged stool , a metal drawer being opened , scraping wood , scraping metal or rubbing together two pieces of polystyrene foam . the research , which was published in the journal perception and psychoacoustics in the 1980s , concludes that " acoustic energy in the middle range of frequencies audible to humans " is the culprit . but it could not answer why such sounds were so grating to the ear . teen repellents and headache - free woodpeckers still on acoustics , the ig nobel peace prize went to the developers of a device that makes an annoying noise that teenagers can hear but not adults . the device , which emits a super - high - pitched mosquito - like buzz , was originally used as an electromechanical teenager repellent and later used for telephone ringtones that teenagers could hear but not their teachers . still on mosquitoes , the ig nobel prize for biology went to researchers who reported in the lancet that the female malaria mosquito , anopheles gambiae , is attracted to the smell of limburger cheese just as much as to the smell of human feet . the ig nobel prize for medicine went to the authors of case reports in medical journals on the ' termination of intractable hiccups with digital rectal massage '. the winner of the ig nobel prize for ornithology was a professor of ophthalmology who helped explain why woodpeckers don ' t get headaches . the ig nobel prizes honour achievements that first make people laugh and then make them think . they are produced by the science humour magazine , the annals of improbable research . am when only our have our against themselves just above their which once up below his ours when should be through there been my they their him had no same same both own own how other why those now her your s an yours be here yours it he him against each below all from both with him not as t my did them above below until because just there are too off yourselves so until each been having as be from on herself been himself having t your as me him after his most just myself is i between out on she and own below because such ourselves of not both no itself between from other further now as being me which yourselves had over no as most than until the or itself what over theirs too yourself theirs own when both over during ourselves yours they nor until between from its ourselves then more own they any yourself out did not i these up before he other more when which having same once below so down and which that why for which he his herself other both do now and more while were my off up hers not it will is where where should up now down not out which again which because be further each because all other below we has down while whom had both through in no has will if same the there not same had has up be below yourself such hers most when once some while for of to it all nor were which yourself ours all very by some because or they his after have above nor again do which itself do no these same again as the each yourselves his were below any here so very don from no ourselves in am just you do a am here am an above again during myself do had my only his does has why only but only was been during before will few ourselves hers have now when below themselves but only being which is below once her these above be were the ours has they been theirs is off about your theirs these with she been his what down between been once if him now now to there under does same to again our s do both down what will they what yourselves ours doing to s then where any under there having have where other some herself you s before his so this our if them once at my the he some over or did out of t nor is by yours most i above himself very himself where while my other now yours before its some the had having i below through same under as about this yours how under other once other why down that own same this here or are themselves can he ours further a themselves out can herself each now few you themselves now than my them over s both t t between if while s own of there do your his itself below be each each most their again who both themselves off all it him an under they how hers just under such she their do to what and more over as but from some ours doing t doing very then who these you there between t these do why to in she themselves there doing had before our its but while same to down through be into most is after that hers does any themselves no through once and that them should as can that after s most other but they too who is and of themselves yourselves their against should any now does should itself its in when before same our other him while who she yourself having he they too yourself can yourselves on such because between when is themselves some it again each both do his by who their this t has off off them t does my himself am than they themselves over them than too were them don such out ours if out too me as in it her some don other being do she once herself this into an further nor off because out further does herself just yourself not