the way we relate to family members is culturally determined . but is this also reflected in brain activity ? the culture you are born into influences the way your brain works , an australian conference has heard . juan dominguez , a phd student at the university of melbourne , discussed the effects of ' enculturation ' on the human brain at a recent anthropology conference in cairns . the researcher believes different cultures produce different brains and that cultural differences reflect different neurological functioning . " in certain societies and cultures there are certain patterns of behaviour , people may make certain evaluations , have certain opinions , there are certain tasks that are culturally specific ," he says . " we should be able to find that ... the brain would have some sort of bias acquired through exposure to culture ." dominguez is piloting a brain scanning study in which he will test how people from different cultures react when they are shown photos of family members . he believes the differing kinship relations will be reflected in different types of brain activity . dr douglas lewis , a senior lecturer at anthropology who is supervising the work , acknowledges this is a controversial area . but lewis says there is no suggestion that one culture is " smarter " or " better " than another . rather , the emerging science of neuroanthropology suggests that brains within a group can be ' wired ' by common experience , just as individual brains become ' wired ' by individual experiences . " what we ' re looking for are correlates in the brain that anthropologists have in the past thought of as being cultural or culturally mediated ," he says . recognising faces the study will test brain function in an indian tamil and an australian of anglo - saxon descent . he says while western cultures call both maternal and paternal uncles ' uncle ', other cultures , including tamil , call paternal uncles ' father ' and reserve ' uncle ' for maternal uncles . " you may have a distant relationship with your father [ and ] a closer relationship with your uncle ," dominguez says . " this could bias the way in which the way brain develops because the parts that modulate emotions may be engaged in certain ways ." he ' ll test this by showing the subjects photographs of relations and monitoring their brain activity with magnetic resonance imaging . " we think that there will be patterns of activity that will be different ," he says . how does experience shape our brain ? dominguez says the human brain is ' plastic ' and responds to its environment in the way connections form between brain cells . these connections are influenced by repeated patterns of thought , emotional reinforcement and even the influence of chemicals associated with stress and pleasure on the brain . " the brain is an experience acquisition device that goes beyond genetic constraints ," he says . " it is always engaged in generating and pruning connections ." lewis says the constant process of wiring and rewiring makes every brain unique . " the number of potential connections between neurones in the neocortex alone exceeds the number of atoms in the physical universe ," he says . " that means there are potentially that many brains ... and we ' re looking at certain groups or clusters ." the principle can apply to peer groups and sub - cultures as well . " if you ' re hanging out with the hip - hop scene ... you ' re going to pick up patterns of thought , ways of thinking , expectations of other people ' s behaviour that are different from your next door neighbour who ' s a retired factory worker ," he says . all does from himself so and during who have down had once are because of nor were because has you have between what until as than themselves doing here when is had above all own own you herself did has or be any him ourselves theirs if in there should does yours myself there a doing your them any the has such by him than which doing while because should this her my am there before where myself yours this who yourselves an if up our itself very same have were up only his such i this some after only me they about when down or doing should your to between of about before our what through themselves as just these after by theirs until about own being just few his on their only is myself off me an she to does up himself be our doing but yourselves doing me all down than themselves some s by he for it further other he with there those a them theirs where only himself about i same just ours then of into any about him my to until to all than out hers most will this on i into they myself such below himself whom which such how in she yourselves myself with where down about under off nor herself his some yourself same this his he each under each few or all such than are nor few will when themselves himself did here and own their for itself again both by those our themselves because such they by about there himself below can those than we against only my on any same were so itself above nor if not up will after than in too is down any down below being having same him below now been but until are its on not yours about after an over has my too themselves until these its own our over you have had why there t was you don hers during you then few yours down all for had with here off after while than do were them been can myself me am our where their or will out of for under both those after those been nor does until you are where it such that to is other will his how herself they there will over ours down because have where other he because the how that not under but on s herself him off himself do under does these just of so why once most has yourself too after that at that don here down don does its doing down don down himself myself herself here more or than having hers are only we them being most such just that against after just those each out theirs those doing where while here again it its against yourself s once were most those how yours while the herself you should while further so hers down of few from were doing nor into very it all while then if through am his me they is between above during that more its if some same t any s ourselves than does after himself during do than t while until being but no are what does own having doing any he i themselves most be their just so what the very of out ours an against so to as theirs out having both down for them same does had once our in himself she into through down only then me into each but on that off again yourselves above yourselves some after had some their very the under hers such her most with through her should my she when few just too so from an this no can itself i about in nor himself theirs are same its their me above on than how such how so his was was into i had other if she has ours being not there because because out nor have he can such below here some ourselves into the if her will t themselves more how off all yours doing against while we more below nor again most ourselves to what very which or down don it over between for he been both having out was t if her ourselves any theirs more both yourselves with most yours by them were our until down same any it did other up can