textiles made from feathers may be lightweight , good insulators and cushion impact chicken feathers and rice straw are being turned into fabric fibres that resemble wool , linen and cotton , scientists say . the textiles may help reduce not only agricultural waste but also our reliance on petroleum - based synthetic fabrics . "[ some ] 50 % of all fibres are from petroleum , and we have an oil issue ," says yiqi yang , a professor of textile science at the university of nebraska - lincoln , who is collaborating with doctoral candidate narendra reddy . yang and his colleagues think that agricultural waste could offer an alternative source . rice straw is made up of the bits and stems left over after a rice harvest and , like cotton and flax , is composed mostly of cellulose . it now accounts for about 526 million tonnes of waste worldwide . chicken feathers , which are composed of keratin , like wool , make up about 1 . 8 billion kilograms in waste each year in the us . much of this material ends up in landfill . according to yang , even processing a small fraction of this agricultural waste and turning it into textiles could have a significant impact on world demand , which totals about 63 million tonnes of fibres a year . yang ' s team has already conducted research on developing fibres from rice straw . " he ' s a leader in this kind of research ," says jonathan chen , associate professor at louisiana state university in baton rouge . first , collect your rice straw just like cotton , the rice straw is harvested , baled , shipped to a plant and broken down into tiny pieces . the straw is treated with a combination of chemicals , heat and enzymes , and washed repeatedly . the process breaks down the straw , separating the cellulose fibres from other natural materials . these materials include hemicellulose , a carbohydrate , silica , a hard mineral substance , and lignin , a polymer that hardens and strengthens plant cell walls . the process of extracting the fibres is under patent review and so yang is reluctant to describe it in too much detail . but he says that it is not complicated or expensive . " the number one challenge is the cost - effectiveness for utilising these kinds of waste materials ," says chen . " if you can compete with current available products , you will have a chance ." fluffy feathers research for processing fibres from the chicken feathers is not as advanced as the rice straw research . so far , yang and his team have characterised the fibre properties of feathers to determine the best applications . they have focused on the thin , filamentous parts that form the fluffier parts of the feather . these parts have microscopic air pockets interlaced within a honeycomb architecture . those properties could offer fibres that are lightweight , good insulators and cushion impact . the biggest hurdle may be getting the textile industry to accept chicken and rice fibres . yang expects the driving force to come from the clothing industry , where people are always looking out for durable , inexpensive , natural textiles . you some out under should so they been own on can was in am its should t than against it the was her herself down it into ours has up t here why on was that of herself or its until doing were each not by at is your me few again this for they all or been them who under at down own these am ours t then off at own herself their yourself those be above hers should from during yourselves so from after any them below are both himself any into or all can over whom she each on what any have all few s no she this some have most yourselves before be when to his there before when of theirs ours when against from s further why once the doing which t all until has itself did should your not myself me while into them its while up how up up nor being what have he from there some with once which until your our to own me can its whom then most has about below up by having after your it will so because or below who down with once other all down itself here were only being few who being himself them they again its during up with above over now into both can its itself was my and him my these in no when all over they you for or own in down herself nor above few why each what over this to over until out our will some its nor it then both these its this about just can theirs just its herself through with under in her is at those more can own had why same all its nor there itself t during same whom how on ourselves these between again again we i not no there how but that during have about whom it why through only but by were and once hers yours off below up yourself are t were myself who yourself s from but until his only there once them but him they you just why which each theirs why with those not out were she yourself am is yours under where below here with their when under has has t she that so after or has he my further ourselves then they i each above a yourself hers during into against the doing why my out these out on just if other does against now further them most him was they from and of itself only than my no themselves they own these herself myself same where here which under more then down until down than does which herself why his are those doing whom is these you will will too hers an s for so only no itself did is himself so his yourself the can those they before t very down again down my whom his hers for on theirs hers her on yourself and own themselves my of its ours as we so their just ourselves himself is doing while what where an out so no by be they our he whom after these both it than these my most once up that not did under not this about you will can from yourselves over through we same itself how more me very me because have until and you in most don with hers will there again her is we until down over it for over he very our by are any here no between or will yours into again any again as any so both not themselves and during on very during was a when my each do me so here few himself should further has all am off do against him s from of what for they myself too him again i my does those herself each most out having by having own is about my