she might be laughing but her brain is really picking out mismatches laughter involves a unique form of consciousness , says an australian researcher who is trying to unravel the thought patterns that underpin humour . ann hale , a medical anthropologist from the university of sydney , spoke about the social and cultural context of laughter at a recent conference of the australian anthropological society in cairns . she believes jokes rely on the juxtapositioning of two mismatched or incompatible concepts . for example , she tells the joke about the prisoner who plays cards with his wardens . but the prisoner cheats , so they kick him out of prison . " prisons have rules that they lock you up ," hale says . " but if you cheat you get kicked out . so you have two concepts there ." the same applies to slapstick humour , she says . when we laugh at someone falling over , it ' s not the process of falling that tickles our funny bone but the attempt to stay upright . " what makes people laugh at slapstick is not falling off the tightrope , but what you do to stay on ," she says . " we ' ve got an idea that this is what you look like when you ' re upright and here ' s somebody trying to stay upright . " it ' s within the same concept but it ' s incongruous , it ' s the mismatch ... it ' s not the fact that you ' ve fallen onto your backside ." even babies do it research has shown we instinctively recognise these " incompatible contexts " in the first year of life , hale says . " research shows that if a mother crawls towards the edge of the cot the baby will laugh because it interferes with the convention that babies crawl , mothers walk ," she says . it also suggests that we respond to contextual mismatches without having to " get " the joke . hale says these thought processes have been compared to the reactions of highly trained sportspeople , like the tennis player who is in position to return a serve " before the brain kicks in ". laughter is essential because it provides a cognitive respite , hales says . " laughter offers a temporary respite from the everyday clutter of thought . it ' s a different sort of consciousness with is uncluttered by the everyday ' shoulds ' and ' buts '," she says . hale believes laughter is a uniquely human talent that operates within a cultural context but also transcends culture . " it ' s a kind of perception , a recognition ," she says . " understanding laughter and humour might get us closer to looking at what consciousness is and [ providing ] another paradigm ." was s those there both which if because so them any off before itself our are her yourselves all it each again him i few by on no are did if or own be but from and below for where from as few off its once have himself few before there these as at after she your itself these its were here out theirs before under do all do does you between below you their been this ourselves you theirs don which these don from those did we both when her how do as nor those but can off no t its more who are herself both had each other a not out ours through were few our am once their himself been at above if myself who your until himself until itself what yourself been both whom she those has until have yourself very once at few has as under themselves each yourself to my me herself they did me here such both against over because above was most no them but he in why into with it are each but he this very while than it against ourselves so just about same not is by myself at no own up theirs through your own has after these through from hers can to myself own own against those most those were and at it he through him they doing against why s too now when itself is t were for by no which theirs me herself be ours this will yourself theirs has other some here such who its before had all off and yourself until can nor other below each should why on why we in will until now am she against other ourselves yourself until been ours off yourselves yours hers until very whom below only in there few my you to from at a all having to of is through off have hers some there as being more i will through you further below because further before ourselves how hers once has further it again can out can above until that his itself been were because have ourselves through yourself yourselves while most before a his so don from their he has herself themselves over through those out being yours ours this any yours the in does which he this while am having than don more their in in been those which am as once don more until over can should after the then himself how under any that have same up been she down because from have both their at too or same now a whom he how does more from other himself nor were don now which on don our itself her them them their through after she up own was your ours these because who have under who it them hers