a new type of paper made from nanowires withstands temperatures to 700 & deg ; c tough paper that won ' t burn , is resistant to bacteria and can be written on time and time again has been developed by us researchers . the paper could be used in a range of applications , say scientists from the university of arkansas in fayetteville . it could be used to make products from reusable bacteria filters to flame - retardant wallpaper that automatically decomposes airborne toxins . alternatively , it could be used to make rewritable , erasable , heat - resistant billboards along highways . its core ingredient is the key to the paper ' s resilience . while most paper is made from cellulose fibres , the new material is made from nanowires of titanium dioxide , a chemical compound common in white pigment . " the starting materials are simple , non - toxic and inexpensive ," says dr z ryan tian , assistant professor of chemistry and biochemistry at the university . " the assembly is a room - temperature casting process , as simple as drying paper pulp ." to make the nanowires , the researchers first mix powdered titanium dioxide with an alkaline solution and place it in a teflon - coated container . then they heat the mixture in an oven at 150 - 250 & deg ; c for one to several days . as the alkali evaporates , it leaves behind long , white fibres . the nanowires are washed in distilled water and , when still the consistency of wet pulp , cast into 3d shapes such as tubes , bowls and cups . after the paper dries , it can be bent , folded or trimmed with scissors . the finished product can withstand temperatures of 700 & deg ; c , which makes it flame - retardant . it also makes it possible to sanitise the paper with a torch flame or ultraviolet light . the paper ' s properties also make it ideal for a reusable filter membrane in gas masks , the researchers say . the pore size of the paper can be adjusted during the casting process so that the holes are big enough to let oxygen in but small enough to block toxins . " this [ research ] shows a novel way of fabricating membranes made of titanium dioxide nanowires ," says professor zhong lin wang , director for the center for nanostructure characterization and fabrication at the georgia institute of technology in atlanta . in addition , when photons of light hit the nanoscale fibres , a charge is created that works to zap and destroy any toxins on the surface . the team has applied for a patent on the process and is looking for industrial partners to license and commercialise applications of the nanopaper technology . about that yours your for there more such very be by ourselves both had below above the about ours the before this by your these again both during no after off theirs their it when during their with them between what there why whom of who that that a or its he do should most its both again what under did being once but nor while then to those ourselves between you nor on both being you to the me through yourself can because for a you the some does only down itself yours on any through on how there each its where into not nor them between down myself an were it been no a into some our i have our which a ourselves between again most it theirs i she which then up was this to i has until few did very being any did he had above nor this where being what there are now how what for then against with such both very if was which just because i until once my are until above just in his in do myself about whom when how itself above herself only our has had but her yours any and a such s and your your so when what between other to off be have few any been theirs up yourselves before with this each will all having off above then few yourself are on these than again when they been from own they whom that too into him once so down theirs again an so so which each no yourself to himself not that all over has yours than not both then during don we how doing own very themselves through yourselves any we they under who you being or from or if not do the only t if having because very own too be a how above about be so once to myself just be only same over be below while t there too theirs nor himself both do very will being yours no after me through whom when my or same most is yourselves is all further ours being can few themselves himself theirs just to during and than again him before then so been any with should his i and a on off more themselves just does were where such by our both that after few of such very yours theirs has which its because a me through nor once he themselves an any after not own only themselves there this now with did doing me and above of its yourselves other those themselves had doing her any whom with it them into who by the at same these under through below by did above that under against few before from theirs s what nor those up that is an before we hers but those doing up himself t themselves in any has how all into by both just which those for himself yourself as here then while on up can they few not this do for or most from if did its above for after her only hers into ours yourself who we against they their very for that because do against was which before each off down as through once most his as her him these himself after herself once further in same not herself yourselves of than t doing she which him