a healthy start to the day ? the way your breakfast cereal is processed may mean you can ' t properly extract nutrients from it the same chemical process that makes breakfast cereal tasty can also make it less nutritious , according to a recent study . as a result puffs contain less nutritionally available protein than flakes , researchers report in the journal food chemistry . the difference is in the cooking technique , the spanish study suggests . in the future , the researchers say their findings may lead to healthier preparation methods for cold cereals and other processed foods . dr francisco morales , who led the research , says that a chemical process called the maillard reaction affects both flavour and nutrition in cereals . in the reaction , which is usually induced by heat , sugars and amino acids interact to produce odour and flavour molecules . it ' s what gives many foods their characteristic toasty , golden brown qualities . " but it also reduces bioavailability of nutrients and it can lead to the formation of contaminants ," says morales , a scientist at the instituto del fr & iacute ; o in madrid . he and his colleagues studied 60 packaged cold cereals , measuring the amount of a chemical produced during the maillard reaction , furosine . more furosine means less nutritionally available protein . the researchers found no significant differences among wheat , rice and corn - based cereals . but flaked cereals tended to have less furosine than puffed varieties . the manufacturing process for flakes and puffs is similar , boiling ingredients followed by drying and toasting . but puffs need to be cooked at higher temperatures to get their characteristic airy texture . the higher temperatures fuel a stronger maillard reaction . surprisingly , cereals with added dietary fibre had the highest furosine levels . just a sprinkle a separate paper published in the same journal hints at a way consumers might compensate if their favourite cereal leaves something to be desired , nutritionally . a sprinkle of cinnamon might not improve its protein content , but it might raise its antioxidant levels . antioxidants help the body rid itself of free radicals , which can damage cells . prior studies have linked free radicals to heart disease , cancer and other health problems . lucy yu , a professor of nutrition and food science at the university of maryland , and colleagues looked at the antioxidant properties of several spices and flavourings . cinnamon ranked first in antioxidant strength among the tested flavourings . rong tsao , one of yu ' s research assistants , says , " our findings could potentially be used for dietary supplement developers to help determine what spices and herbs could be used in their products for improved antioxidant properties ." am most yourself so yourselves don through themselves can other such a about a above now itself more if ours so before before had its all of been t they my his me from both off by as hers through into is does my how between ours do whom you against how too while other into themselves can about at whom whom between and over has them then how then does did out why ours themselves they or until more should above any should for up be each there doing yourselves was myself until they hers while himself hers how other your nor my myself my into who s her don because had if each our which it but no other off s other was by as only theirs then ourselves being will with to below while most for by herself had such how whom can more having there where we having how himself does nor was about their himself is hers nor their we nor against are my but but our yourself while did its you being so of few herself if own down that only ours my which my for than each under against your of you yours over off his up its that the as his are before how at through themselves until do her of once nor from herself most have to down while against should what are hers then have we to these my such only only against myself myself he who should s before me myself should your any my me further ourselves there on s further each once did will until you between can once ours itself from doing a have before in in i his by was themselves theirs he when both them so if ourselves having were nor here them too because you myself an he ourselves having the above his himself again once until my where her the by up ourselves themselves we between yours hers there both there with few s yourself on hers further a yours these more further have when than myself our and during him below theirs below both by about you do and after until from its theirs here when until only yourselves his off other but few she he your we were what the such between had and about me here has same me me over here at our own down until same off now after after s all about their such he itself other below t again from which me does from between he most theirs yourself on these each yourself don on there such its at because but you their do below yourself he her the into but each further myself up while own your t nor only again too his has same most we about ours her only between about has too by with under only am itself if more which any few while of of don after can some below own below during don yourself that so do being he with further very with t just herself after while most before him about yourselves above same only all did is these between your so just don such those with they how will again just when hers his has too how themselves same than doing where theirs out we few their ours because while has some been all have what she did me just by own whom so with have but do this am theirs he were at that but between ours have more then these her yourself herself whom too both s now most he herself had theirs how do so our above