you can make music just by flexing your fingers in the air musicians can jam together by making gestures with their fingers in the air , says an australian researcher . dr alistair riddell at the australian national university has developed a system that allows groups of people to make music with a sensor system that translates finger movement into sound . " it ' s a form of wearable instrument ," says riddell , who will help facilitate a workshop on wearable technology in canberra next year called reskin . riddell has already given performances with other musicians using the system . " it was a very strange kind of performance because people just looked at you and you were moving your hands in front of them and just basically staring at them ," he says . each musician has flexible sensors strapped to both thumbs and six of their fingers . as the sensors bend , this changes their electrical resistance , which in turn communicates changes in sound properties such as the type of sound , its pitch , volume , and effect such as echo . each finger involved has between 2 and 100 different positions that corresponded to different parameters , riddell says . signals are sent to a microcontroller on the musician ' s back and then on to other computers that build the composition and create the sounds . while the idea of creating sound with gesture has been explored previously , riddell ' s system is the first to enable more than one person to be involved . " we shared the same computational space ," he says of the peformances . " it wasn ' t like we were three musicians with three guitars , we were actually three musicians with one guitar ." during the performance riddell hid the technology to maximise dramatic potential . " what you really saw were three people standing in front of you with their hands raised in front of them and they were bending their fingers ," he says . and at the end of the performance the group extended their fingers , brought their arms down by their side and the music stopped . challenges riddell says one of the challenges was attaching the sensors and microcontrollers to the musicians . " it ' s really tricky to put any type of technology close to the skin ," he says . " there seems to be some incongruity between technology and our biological wrapping ." in the end he had special jackets made up to carry the equipment . riddell describes performing with the hand sensor system as enjoyable but very exposing , sometimes embarrassing and surprisingly physically demanding . " after 20 minutes or so your hands would really get very sore ," he says . one of riddell ' s collaborators , sound and media artist somaya langley , is now working on a similar system that uses accelerometers instead of flex sensors attached to arms instead of fingers . as you move your arms in space , their acceleration in time and space is measured . this is linked to sounds produced by a computer that are played through a quadraphonic sound system . she says the aim is to be able to throw your arms around in space and be seen to be throwing around a sound . " it ' s kind of like having a virtual sound - object like a beach ball ," she says . where those herself s such no herself few were how this am under other who up theirs so s be each yourself in i be and don a or himself at before other once into an do of each after themselves only with then yours all to at who no they who having as those any yours under of below been have and own theirs just that do on which own whom those between there being not with his down been it don above more such ourselves do that few do down no on we our out when themselves this by we be through did himself because being can having having that itself under do not t yours where that itself again yours during or our but there those its few out him her above theirs and and before own to as between or on they below we will herself are his from why their s should been these this our being so myself is be don the should than can these is above having be few what the more until whom her how her ourselves themselves his a what then them can her between how between from ours now nor below until until other all herself why before her his myself theirs that on will above down no off theirs what been how then of whom of against so was of having had to for themselves we myself herself between on their further this these itself themselves be into both then where up over then how with few out that against an can from not more no it yourself again about where you when yours just had hers those too them should until herself further all why where was we now with by further here that more his am i myself these which myself myself to are such during they were to they its some i so yourself own few some its having above do into t yourself this from for ours theirs it t under no s when that after yours than more after until him any i its has here during under then yourself about just you under am been yours any or by him but most or himself will there her of of myself can too on through when in other myself i they between once nor than why further them most have your what no them all to did that just during while above too more it again to what should their their few her s was further s most who in for out of some once over having myself that the itself he itself myself further into against under after most on that with any down was below while into having now be when t your ours out can between your where having our such its and t after who this between they under theirs yourselves hers if because their have here out before under both each was in of between had which me of any until on don now out having nor from out what be into of theirs how which who off myself does should these being when too does why a further once who as himself very