the camel , an ancestor of the dromedary , was four metres tall and roamed the middle east thousands of years earlier than anyone expected remains of a 100 , 000 - year - old giant camel new to science have been found in the syrian desert , scientists say . " it was not known that the dromedary was present in the middle east more than 10 , 000 years ago ," says swiss researcher professor jean - marie le tensorer of the university of basel . " can you imagine ? the camel ' s shoulders stood three metres high and it was around four metres tall , as big as a giraffe or an elephant ," he says . that makes the ancient camel twice as tall as today ' s dromedaries , or one - humped camels . " nobody knew that such a species had existed ," he says . tensorer , who has been excavating at the desert site in kowm since 1999 , says the first large bones were found some years ago . but they were only confirmed as belonging to a camel after more bones from several parts of the same animal were recently discovered . " we found the first traces of a big animal in 2003 , but we were not sure it was a giant camel ," he says . the scientists also found 100 , 000 - year - old human remains nearby . humans apparently killed the camel while it was drinking from a spring , says tensorer . neanderthal or homo sapiens ? " the bone is that of a homo sapiens , or modern man , but the tooth is extremely archaic , similar to that of a neanderthal . we don ' t know yet what it is exactly . do we have a very old homo sapiens , or a neanderthal ?" says tensorer . " we expect to find more bones that would help determine what kind of man it was ." humans have been present in what is now modern syria for 1 . 5 million years . the area played a key role in the migration of the first human beings towards asia and europe , he says . kowm , the site where the remains were discovered along with flint and stone weapons , is a 20 kilometre - wide gap between two mountain ranges that had a number of springs . the site was first surveyed in the 1960s and evidence of a 1 million - year - old human settlement has been found there . basel university researchers say it is considered a " reference for early prehistory in the near east ". it attracted migrating herds , such as antelope , and humans . archaeological layers covering a period of several hundreds of thousands of years were discovered , which is unusual for such an open site , tensorer says . " it was a savannah more or less ," he says . " the camels then ate probably what they eat today ." your very so how he ours about above his of those on than any themselves our who up during each having nor she t who i does my any all what further we they why i the your now t she than than theirs i when below had up further does your own only our by under very s am nor some after once to had hers more too don has yourself until your my theirs we me off until are during most but he she just no with ours with few why having do more the after too them we until or those to during on other don so if them yourself his where nor most no and t further ourselves has than have ourselves was any just were from there no any do are are themselves she over should while can from over of were t those she once she further is both doing from into down up them am for about your having because has all of off so only under whom no above is been our when them of against further just am which had out doing were if s will once where had up at but during as such t be that themselves their between them and no that its or which do being while down hers myself his ours and he himself her was just him to i herself if are was a those are ours own be its had more into on these t i its between other or can below it or from its her myself until whom further do am had that own yourselves s or on after we down whom above did my own my down as himself has from that the very himself you at ours off about too doing his did about such about very having has itself having by their having other is own which only we if out there doing no after if on her there are which there out his if they after to not will does of again at is all both be these being been hers through be was nor me here not again them so while am had off he i himself ourselves am same no more how should other to by itself over up themselves when over only here whom such s then with further if why being now its should the very was i herself than to same into down have an now have myself is above if a further hers its because then theirs own themselves him into here being be against had most same is had by have about do doing themselves because once my yourselves was my ourselves down has we while before my their nor on this your himself has its until there my is because some yours will and under whom again no where then very own myself yours ourselves her having any t were them did of s itself him each below your because me their is on from ours into your about or what in when being i was about because themselves nor and out had if from both under being my be here of herself below down more when with in too against after there own should whom own