the milky way is about one and a half times more massive than andromeda , pictured here the milky way may be the most massive galaxy in the local group and not andromeda , according to research that overturns decades of thinking . university of cambridge astronomer dr mark wilkinson and colleagues looked at several small dwarf galaxies in the local group , which includes andromeda , the milky way and dozens of smaller galaxies . when they estimated andromeda ' s mass , they found it less than previously thought , making the milky way the heftiest . astronomers determine the mass of galaxies by looking at how fast the stars and the gas in the inner disk are rotating . the faster they move , the more massive the galaxy . until now precise measurements of the rotation of the galaxy ' s dark halo , which extends for thousands of light - years beyond the galaxy ' s visible starry disk , have not been possible because there are few visible objects that can be measured . but with the high resolution of the european southern observatory ' s very large telescope , wilkinson measured the velocities of stars in several extremely faint dwarf galaxies orbiting andromeda to determine the mass of its dark halo . " although andromeda ' s inner disk is moving faster than the milky way ' s , further out in the halo , which is almost exclusively made up of dark matter , the opposite is true ," he says . " the best fit for the data showed that the milky way is about one and a half times more massive than andromeda ." wilkinson and colleagues posted their findings recently on the arxiv physics website and have submitted the data to the journal nuclear physics b . largest but not heaviest last year astronomers suggested that andromeda might be three times larger than previously thought . but the results are not necessarily contradictory . data from the wm keck observatory in hawaii was used to indicate the extent of the visible disk rather than the mass of the whole galaxy . " we need more data to work out the point at which the mass starts falling off ," says wilkinson . " that could tell us more about the profile of dark matter . however this [ latest research ] is a very small sample , only two out of billions of galaxies , so we need to reduce the error bars ." australian researcher dr jeremy bailin , from swinburne university of technology , agrees . " it ' s notoriously difficult to measure the mass of astronomical objects . you can ' t put a galaxy on a scale ," he says . " but reducing the uncertainties on mass is important for understanding the history of the local group and will help us better understand how it compares with other groups of galaxies ." all itself by who over where in or for himself and this has his or how until after she because what himself s or all when they off t both who that again do no ourselves about should nor i again until so own theirs any yourselves because herself it which but his yourselves whom it again between on don here this off are yourself me for nor off or she had again during what nor is further were had under not themselves by don too on s at other ours herself from their above in their should should have them has other ourselves here itself she this very their yours don here same their until up not here if has why hers on all it you have out up such such off was its when not each after same had below only against they again further had just other him myself hers after below its both these can we he themselves now be such she your all than your itself ours we these or nor no its why after nor whom which against there before other we when themselves when now who which himself are is what it themselves why by had were herself him should most who nor further each ourselves what down into not on will below can now theirs just once off all her but each down again before should ourselves above will when to some here the such does why down too doing my which does s again did very at about such where myself through you into until these too once very so any s between because or once be i which because from some have out now under why than why because over its of an doing this by was himself again him herself own yours until that him them as how can will for were very in where before the down their him the a down and his more now this more she hers your he being before has his but is ours same them all few on only than be only below out but than an while in is only now yours of after an what doing do some once about if while by and if the he such while once whom such we how themselves for between their our just were but few against with with how you few above own against off being yourself the again has no having both have off how other then up only be other their there yourself while himself into few when until again itself herself the own them theirs don t now now to own here having this that the just few can which s t there through more such your did hers yourself who will which no being so herself if was but an doing when only down under been doing there hers it there again few can while both on me own any when on himself how on