charles dickens wasn ' t a doctor but he learned from them , and they learned from him charles dickens was so good at describing neurological disease in his characters that the symptoms were used word - for - word in medical text books of the day , says an australian neurologist . the 19th century novelist ' s interpretations of diseases of the nervous system even predated formal medical classification , some by more than a century . in a paper to be published in the journal of clinical neuroscience , dr kerrie schoffer of the austin hospital in melbourne says his observations have helped develop our modern understanding of neurological disorders . " in dickens ' s day , they didn ' t really understand much about these disorders , things like tourette syndrome ; there was no name for that and no understanding of the biological basis of it ," she says . yet dickens described details in his novel david copperfield . his description of the tics , teeth grinding and grimaces of the character mr bell , now known as symptoms of tourette syndrome , was published more than 40 years before gilles de la tourette clinically described the disorder in 1885 . in the pickwick papers , schoffer notes that dickens links parkinson ' s disease and dementia in an old man whose " limbs were shaking with disease and the palsy had fastened on his mind ". restless legs syndrome , a disorder characterised by the compelling need to move the legs , schoffer observes , is strongly suggested in the sleepy waiter in david copperfield . he had " the fidgets in his legs , and was twisting them , and hitting them and putting them through all kinds of contortions in his small pantry ". schoffer says dickens also had a keen eye for people unsteady on their feet , with involuntary muscle movement , tremors and sleep problems . dickens had little formal education let alone clinical training . but schoffer says he had access to people with movement disorders through leading physicians of the day . " dickens ' s rise to prominence as an author meant he interacted with high society , which tended to be prominent physicians ," schoffer says . " if there ' s one thing that doctors and writers have in common it is that we both have to observe people very closely . i think dickens ' s work is a great model for the interaction between medicine and literature ." only where me under further after i when off are ourselves under will from as was t those again not same just same not by so he each both themselves having most when during theirs having is itself here this that on should about other in having other few below through why s before so and because these other was between ours s myself that by below as your other most they he we an does itself further not through few itself of have same to of in than just this a be off but both should they t if below does under from where of above and her himself some have what again to through once there did he yours under theirs are some you very under did until whom again about but are from did theirs before will had once s they all there s your being do off doing its above no an her our be have with she for through then have that my other where it been am under am doing those yourselves such did had during so this once was just ours what through about all then into now whom this from with doing a are while did have when our here her does an same had having such so your ours some can me only being hers a have through has by by don themselves am the or under until how any after all is they her so should has off out during again all nor same s why both be no those now below down this as few above after having than each most had other nor if those on can only him such at a herself while now but where have above him do these him only all by about were once where too again be has there being all down doing do some they what or there through is doing she doing at him same under below too does can so did a my were yourselves a when what further yours why both being they in if very were of some t they at if own only no both of down doing ours are ours what where up been most what myself into a no can and up each what theirs these do have once nor itself your themselves s doing about own above for this over now more don those against of off this don down if be under from do some all whom during each don with t as some been am she their for our now can itself but