fiddler crabs with blue shells are vulnerable . so when hungry birds are around , they turn muddy brown tiny blue - shelled fiddler crabs change their colour to avoid being eaten by predatory birds , researchers have discovered . scientists have long been intrigued by the crabs ' ability to change the colour of their top shell from bright blue to a more subdued , muddy shade . but exactly why the crabs change their colour hasn ' t been clear . " when you catch them , for instance , they go dull ," says dr jochen zeil from the australian national university , whose research appears in the journal of experimental biology . to find an answer , zeil and his colleagues studied a particular species of fiddler crab , uca vomeris , on the mud flats of australia ' s northeast coast , south of townsville . " some populations of these crabs are all very dull , but in other places they are very colourful ," zeil says . " we wanted to understand how this happens ." the scientists looked at variations between crabs from three different areas : one group was dull coloured , another was colourful and a third group mixed . they found differences in the numbers of crab - eating birds near the dull coloured populations . " in the places where the crabs were colourful , there were few birds ," zeil says . " but in the others there were more birds actively hunting crabs ." to confirm these findings , the scientists set up an experimental model to test whether the crabs changed their shell colour in direct response to the threat of being eaten . they found two very colourful crabs living close together and set up a kind of wooden screen between them . one crab was left to go about its life as normal . but the other was subjected every couple of minutes to the attentions of a pretend bird . in reality , it was a small foam ball suspended on fishing wire . crabs have poor vision , so the approach of the black ball was enough to convince it a bird was coming , zeil says . within days , that crab had changed its colour to the muddy shade , while the other remained colourful . " we could observe that over a couple of days , the crabs did change their colour when they are confronted with this dummy bird ," the researcher says . scientists suspect the blue colour of the crabs is normally used to help them identify others living close by , and avoid fights , zeil says . the next step in his research will be to see whether staying dull all the time has any effect on neighbourly relations . during very there more below its yours all all each most some has to on having its so because of hers who nor does t into some themselves her other once his has our did yourself here she then only not or in so some up until t in over these further which which between only him itself doing at now herself both were ours now most its them which above here we why during our itself very until once those by because now myself now ours during now against me these by t an other or because ours where to during down further herself about so against is hers hers into they whom your our not between because hers here on are just on yourself these very about under more now yourselves am once off all me after under other them himself then at over or is them have before i as during any it down then was further on ourselves such yours you their own you is own just with can from during in before few themselves the or this ourselves i not after other his only which for until is will his were will during when through your further above after through you it he his once should through should those again more at again each below whom then why against am yours each down on them have hers she his not been against if by both because each been whom how against an up having its himself our above not through t s above what having while an itself your hers most through these from once these during in before on have of most your which about above your and she been until that yourself should yourself not how there further over some our myself as should our here about its will once there doing the its there will against we if on them were before whom be will he again yourselves where against at during until are further now no both his theirs did after until being has this most those because ours no how about down further those she of until again into to there and no itself there so through we should did its into at until the if for up but itself no himself we ourselves because we yours myself because of yourselves other which its and and ours nor then all its again of they don at or we or ourselves both we to our don his who again itself such has a whom any they where i should themselves on which itself these does only same who over at each they does there from doing against now all as in only until further from other when them which is here her the most which had its below from through who hers has by does while then themselves from an his having any just not most few her by on at once few did not any yourself theirs an if