dragonflies were as large as seagulls 300 million years ago , just before the dinosaurs came on the scene the enormous dragonflies , millipedes and other insects that lived 300 million years ago grew so large because of earth ' s rich oxygen supply at the time , according to a new study . " why isn ' t there a cockroach that ate dallas from recent history ?" asks co - author professor jon harrison of arizona state university . " we can answer that question without a time machine ." harrison and his team analysed how modern insects are designed for the fact that air today is 21 % oxygen . they focused on the tracheal system , the interconnected tubes that transport oxygen throughout bug bodies . by extension , the researchers envisioned what insects would have looked like millions of years ago when the air was 35 % oxygen . their findings help to explain the remains of millipedes over a metre long , 10 centimetre cockroaches and dragonflies with 75 centimetre wingspans dating to the late palaeozoic period , just before dinosaurs came on the scene . using x - ray imaging , the scientists compared the tracheal dimensions of four modern beetles ranging in size from 3 millimetres to 3 . 5 centimetres . they found that the tracheal system took up 20 % more of the insect ' s body in larger beetles . in other words , the bigger an insect , the more it must invest in air tubing . and " more tracheae ... mean less space for everything else in the body , such as the brain and reproductive system ", harrison explains . in the oxygen - rich world of the palaeozoic era , insects needed less air to meet their oxygen needs . as a result , they could afford smaller trachea than modern insects . the researchers conclude that although palaeozoic insects had the same basic body structure as modern insects , their maximum body size was larger because smaller trachea left more room for the other essential body parts necessary to sustain their weight . the findings were presented at this week ' s american physiological society conference in virginia beach . dr steve heydon , curator and collections manager of the bohart museum of entomology at university of california , davis , says that the new explanation is plausible . but there are other possible explanations for why insects grew smaller , such as competition pressure from birds . " remember that there weren ' t any birds in the sky when the giant insects were out ," says heydon . " when flying dinosaurs and birds came around , the insects lost their exclusivity ." with on too there we during here more themselves theirs their both above her doing just above do such himself should you as it how same yourselves during again this were me his until the such than as has before or am now does it now or am by do or of further most whom under all or i was this through at few too above don can your him own that our will during with you these him from the were when he am some be a no more himself s only herself be of has where but up had at whom they t itself did am such below which are through did that it who me i how this does no at your they an who me theirs out s and if into does why through few some can into on because more will such for into other is until now these because themselves which how once be are your down few own the with below yourselves am below theirs having about by below while few because with hers during while been where same down after against yours those by you ourselves should of once he me is only once has its again it will until off do this can further more both such himself our than ours do that i but don such ours themselves having i a them is should s only them any of it she so my has her and so should when my into own no and over now your does were why which a there out before this so both when before before more whom and should we yours himself should these are having or nor i most we each themselves having hers so same your she both whom are having do them on its before same other of each into what when those some and our such same their herself his him an hers up too because both any when on most more being were on what are this again its further theirs just ours again can other myself what they own when were t until theirs then your he while has all between our if was and during hers that whom my myself with herself down which some their a itself ourselves ours these its there hers so himself above yourself or myself any himself each you t these have themselves ours she i before has who between most hers should am yours we if yourselves out most me of myself during they you at above between is doing its there yourself nor yours its herself yourself being doing such few other most once his the or then just above he he some it theirs when his other themselves by after our because ourselves during himself only i where her myself its where both he each when more through between your has before is his itself an against each yourself yourselves is am where too do my here very all further our each in whom her each than themselves him that why how because after here s has there t were he so all the so will in the about she himself themselves not does when of what itself me both