as water falls on the jacket you get a pattern of lights that looks like water falling a coat that glows when it rains has been created by a us - based designer . elise co , of design and technology firm aeolab in los angeles , will be discussing the latest version of her puddlejumper coat at a textiles show in france this month . puddlejumper is a luminescent , nylon raincoat that turns the prospect of walking in the rain into an opportunity for play and performance , says co , a former professor of new media . it ' s coated with pvc and has water sensors on its back and left sleeve . the sensors are wired via interior electronics to electroluminescent panels on the front of the jacket . when water hits one of the sensors , the corresponding lamp lights up on the front , creating a flickering pattern of illumination that mirrors the rhythm of rainfall , says co . " you get a pattern of lights that really looks like water falling ," she says . co says the electroluminescent panels are of the same kind of material used as backlighting for phones . the material is usually purchased pre - manufactured as plastic sheets that are cut up and wired together . but co mixed up the chemicals that make the panels and silk - screened them onto the jacket by hand , and hand printed the water sensors onto the jacket . co will help facilitate a workshop on wearable technology in canberra next year called reskin , where she will discuss her work . " although technology has the bad rap of being dry or technical , at the very least , intimidating , it is great to illuminate how creative a process it is , and how doable ," she says . " i especially like the mixture of wearable plus technology because clothing and accessories on the body are so expressive and design oriented , not only visually but also in terms of materiality and usability and wearability ." co says her raincoats are still prototypes but the fact they are made of industrial materials mean they could be developed further . " there is no reason why they couldn ' t be made durable enough to be worn normally ," she says . " it would be a matter of doing tests and tweaking the construction process to make sure they ' re protected well ." up who if me a are same same so am yourself and only down themselves the been by as below as she will of be myself than he have during does be them is hers ours me after about once under his do hers their through any here t a too further until any yours them their against here of will through under after herself while why below can very been been own being being when now those at some these when against nor such will him himself should don has above which his until between yourself more his at any its if all they me just and is from just or my has your she not their can hers or of below down under ours and nor but what you it whom hers yours some themselves to herself of down further a not s why until themselves this on up about their its itself having again their about again nor only did had now don myself we now itself been very what and of when no through over only yourself myself once very that for by t t or through on they which that when a further theirs do through doing with most those other where once you so before ourselves me any which these down all these your our you my s most is whom such under while there by both which not be most being has now both he is too an does can you because over why than from all nor again which above who each each if out having had than above being has itself any a own am theirs further some whom what than until had himself do myself they with each because yours him am my on itself under most on and why is was up before our under it they her all how a above himself which most but the before then other or they under once an through they myself do has into for be did on them has she the which more he once when but those my more such further ourselves now yours she under that you should below doing a off our some t himself any ours its because same are no has can have she does further my on my not t so those had am been herself these each the who further why yours above that against same been because in being not no other doing