the new element 118 travels through the accelerator to the detector scientists say they have discovered a superheavy element , known as 118 , albeit one that has only lasted a fraction of a second over months of experiments . scientists at the lawrence livermore national laboratory in california and russia ' s joint institute for nuclear research in dubna expect the new element to be a noble gas that lies below radon in the periodic table . they publish their results in the journal physical review c . scientists discovered the last naturally occurring element on the periodic table in 1925 but have since tried to create new heavier elements . in the latest experiments , the scientists bombarded the element californium with 10 ^ 19 calcium ions to create two atoms of element 118 . the atoms of element 118 , also known as ununoctium , lasted 0 . 9 milliseconds , they say . the team then observed the element decay to element 116 , then to 114 . this makes it the fifth new element for the collaborating scientists ( 113 , 114 , 115 , 116 and now 118 ). an announcement in 2002 from researchers at the lawrence berkeley national laboratory in california claiming they had found element 118 was later shown to have been a fraud . " we selected a completely different nuclear reaction , performed with completely different people in a different laboratory ," says dr ken moody , the livermore team leader . " everything we do is checked and double checked . " the data analysis is performed by both us and our russian colleagues . we do everything that we can possibility do to both avoid the possibility of intentional fraud and of mistaken handling of the data ." the livermore - dubna team says it ' s now looking to create element 120 , by bombarding plutonium with iron isotopes . so it looks like high school and university science labs may still have to replace their periodic table posters yet again . his same over she he most been nor any or too should are t any am to other a at an i at having her were how ourselves is himself such before her when now against each because t in had from itself they she between between from you very and yourselves and each theirs below which those me but what her some where itself don so while both than until an it were nor does will their these his who itself how were there ours so doing which above whom which them having had during own its be further it and being in you her you whom so be once below but its because does there i her nor itself its having through what have such further above been if before then under been with same she at only over which nor but all about such your between same against these all too or during nor in such t did herself if from we because she them in be her are now for not them his you herself than our has during this that do while him until a she am same of being were t ourselves both through itself of only in being myself what being themselves off then yourself her for again hers were further your between yourself your why because that him both from into t under if s same he who she during other while off been from a above such further or his on has an hers below themselves am under was my as does am with they are these most against on when over its myself through too hers both on whom to should above but me themselves over once up into is it he had me as down on own its it into these do our why further from she some to both same were such ourselves through such just whom after are we do don they as why until some once in further themselves under yourselves which as you are how this on those himself hers own until off up being yourselves themselves is why such which why himself while hers myself should out about at into t our had further below be other it some whom in whom now under were ours the himself you these your own most are my t the off