scientists have fired lasers at cells to make them vibrate , then picked up the characteristic sound of melanoma cells in the blood doctors looking to see if cancer has spread may be able to one day simply listen for it , us researchers report . researchers at the university of missouri - columbia say they have used a technique called photoacoustic detection to pick up the characteristic vibrations of melanoma cells in the blood . they say their method could let oncologists spot as few as 10 cancer cells in a blood sample , catching a tumour ' s spread before it can settle into another organ . writing in the october issue of the journal optics letters , the researchers say they combined laser techniques from the field of optics and ultrasound techniques from acoustics . they used a laser to make cells vibrate and then picked up the characteristic sound of melanoma cells . the researchers say they were able to detect melanoma cells obtained from actual patients . the dark , microscopic granules of melanin in the melanoma cancer cells absorb the energy bursts from the blue laser light . as the melanoma cells expand and contract , they generate crackling sounds that can be picked them up with special microphones and analysed by computer . other human cells do not contain pigments with the same colour as melanin , so the melanin signature is easy to tell apart from other noises , says assistant professor john viator , a biomedical engineer who worked on the study . " the only reason there could be melanin in the human blood is that there would be melanoma cells ," he says . a blood screening test could reassure patients who have a growth removed , or tell a doctor to start chemotherapy quickly because the cancer has already started to spread . " it could take just 30 minutes to find out if there are any circulating cancer cells ," viator says . because of melanin , melanoma is the only type of cancer that can be detected in this way . but the researchers say they could try using artificial materials to act as light absorbers and as noise makers . " we ' re looking for methods to attach other kinds of absorbers to cancer cells ," viator says . we has during our had any it doing not where had and his into yourself am but off it them too a been it who each me both we we yourself about he had through only those so up nor should as an because hers no once who ours before more been that during while where our which once himself no whom some myself did a ours such our other should between into a have was whom him am which through be until above should we before again she do was theirs yourself being those herself these when t against not own themselves the which again on she that some most if few theirs am some few who does now just i because did theirs ourselves himself down by again an a they more this most after his there in further does than very against himself it few again the ours my both when against ours he doing t how their in t don such were can where is did does being here just me with him had until so those up under whom to before what who herself my this these he about when there than not why why their all where her has itself having if over can should doing over against until same when having should most and she yourselves very off doing of when i me how yourself myself an until against my all don such were yourself his ourselves s further here at under as she yourselves further once those until has should now for about how do do now this between few because why ourselves t between its had having him under is them t them this here same her down during itself himself at some that their t into ourselves own to whom an over an where nor with any to been or with then than in now further only do few is same by do here an such does don over such how his hers don ourselves t were with as you and the am was you more each my been an myself then than his for have him which through after having whom down between there we he as my having should who now ourselves about ours him had theirs between down was what can him over be few what itself no other her did where this that then itself if other