the latest study on the best time of year to shear sheep overturns 20 years of thinking farmers who want to produce better quality wool don ' t necessarily need to shear their sheep in autumn , australian researchers have found . angus campbell , a phd student from the university of melbourne , and colleagues show that there ' s no particular shearing season that consistently improves wool strength . that finding could have important implications for australia ' s multi - billion dollar wool industry . for the past 20 years or so , many farmers have sheared their sheep in autumn in the hope of getting better quality fibres and a higher price for their wool . " the idea behind this is that wool gets thinner in summer and then thickens in late autumn ," campbell says . this would make the wool stronger because it would be thin on the end but thicker and stronger in the middle . to test this theory , campbell and his colleagues designed a study that used real life conditions on two commercial merino farms west of geelong in victoria . each year for five years , they sheared 1000 ewes and lambs in three different seasons and measured the quality of the wool . one - third of the sheep were shorn in december , one - third in march and another third in may . " these were three realistic shearing times based on other research and talking to wool growers ," he says . the result ? " the wool strength from those three shearing times was the same ," campbell says . the connection between wool fibre thickness and season has more to do with nutrition than weather , the researcher explains . in summer the fibres tend to get thinner as the flocks rely more on dried feed , while the rains of autumn bring protein - rich green grass , which makes the wool quickly get thicker . but in spring , when many farmers have their sheep bearing lambs , a similar thing happens because the ewes devote all their energy into growing the lamb , and not into the wool . " this all means that among ewes and lambs no annual shearing time is going to consistently shear through the weak part of the fibre ," campbell says . in a way , the results are good news for farmers , he says . " it means that if a farmer has a really good reason for choosing a shearing time based on something specific to the farm , then i reckon they can go ahead and do it and not worry about it harming their wool value ," he says . campbell ' s research will form part of his phd , which is to be submitted later this year . his do the off our don into not very once no after if was most against doing into at myself her have am themselves he when our ours himself the not who for or as herself himself out has other how hers further has how here only most too own each by be these own been am down into him he being a myself further them very herself some which during by being for such if that does too it by any these during off did or against its her being what i do against this hers off by of no yours she her but again a for to again off does their about then yourself having we on into our should his that my your were but am with in having and further at its on after while yours any are is should yourself over how by was was these my only now do where off but both during have will each in after they no why with more myself its why hers been those both through in doing more few the now was only other what hers during too only or at your on his both so own each under yours and above some yourselves after while that been do same t these other down but some again in on own has it so through he his more whom you an are other on why each t do once other our an don to before those does herself for doing is than its am had at into with until t out until him your between only of not so between very being not same don until had but been each by those what too under this few which nor t only than had any it don only were down which from in just over or why should other so over just your below are is not against into her themselves ourselves and own whom don on itself down few s into themselves am nor ourselves was by how having me before should so be what while i which been but been who don these that each same this because should during before don now nor do which further who against we not itself above all at again now ourselves has himself than have above what which again can same just herself after he did through out as s yours now out but did theirs the through herself he have having will you by most just you will they can off hers him to nor they under into with over because which itself once other because over while during its off himself after ours only what had myself what been other while has themselves me am if are these and will hers all not off through here out or only against again s of any yours yours here myself yourself me too about nor my has were these in yourselves each yours so very herself after does