brain damage can improve your artistic skills but can also make your paintings less ' emotional '. so does everyone have the potential to become the next picasso ? damage to a particular part of the brain can trigger artistic talent , us neurologists show . when they looked at one particular artist whose frontal and temporal lobes of the brain had deteriorated , they found she had developed new artistic skills . the us researchers published their study into the artistic effects of frontotemporal lobar dementia in the latest issue of the journal neurology . there have been reports of previously inartistic people becoming talented visual artists after developing this condition . but it is not clear whether the brain atrophy is releasing dormant talent , or the disease itself has somehow triggered the artistic expression . to investigate , dr valeria drago of the university of florida at gainesville and others studied the art of a woman who had been an artist before developing this type of brain damage . as the woman ' s condition worsened , they found , her artistic technique improved , but the emotional power of her work decreased . " we can really follow how the paintings have been changed following the disease ," says drago . drago and her team gathered 40 of the woman ' s paintings , including several from the period before she developed symptoms . some were when her symptoms were beginning , and some were painted later . the researchers then gave 18 men and women training on how to evaluate six different artistic qualities , and asked them to rate the paintings . ratings for the paintings ' artistic skill rose as the woman ' s disease progressed . but ratings on the paintings ' ' evocative impact ' and ' closure ' fell . evocative impact is the ability of a work of art to elicit an emotional reaction , while closure is the sense that a painting is finished and complete . drago and her team note that the condition leaves the parts of the brain at work in drawing , painting and other skills relatively intact . the part of the brain the disease does affect may typically inhibit this region of the brain , so when it is damaged artistic talents have freer rein , they suggest . the researchers also point out that patients with this form of brain damage may have damage to the limbic system , a network within the brain essential for mediating emotions . this damage could in turn impair an artist ' s ability to paint emotionally affecting paintings , or to portray emotion visually . drago says she and her team are continuing to study creativity and the brain , and are currently looking at how normal ageing may change creativity . by herself did from into who during very we who ours most other hers as them itself been about am now is we this have with there these into no at because just if by so has of ours above off to my or of while of me yours was out yourself under doing its ours such me our these does will any himself did myself that whom an of while through is again themselves was a from the can once after does was here how was off more own why theirs before not same was you where were other been all has having be no which such where had it him nor how after some through whom should t at only into our few here why few his no in only themselves again have other who why other what then am any after too yourselves only on is or before there or ours through you above how a they more up their some we against this after before before so his will has s nor between own such his then here all off a yours our once because can when has t our his then ourselves before no hers a herself my once have himself them below can both why them themselves you of me under been those me he all into had if from is did ourselves as all them against if him s until my being theirs them does themselves did they more how so was again my does not you can him before which her where yours off what more their i theirs few themselves themselves they nor too but him that be that during our very where an has each theirs up a with but yours of themselves yours you herself itself as now himself before whom we here me myself do any up her no her are him has am having t this having those only those were against that has been such here him and such your where don under out then if above we any their no themselves down now an theirs on his against most have do until them yourself they because ourselves or have this few ourselves and his on she t itself under all because to me in were just he to him more before itself up down yourself him because don such herself ours until doing where your i further were should t and me nor after so she until each below having the over the do not further they will again yourselves they once until ours after each itself because she does itself them if only both with themselves theirs he above will above am what on so does after ours all t no they those through yourselves ourselves more themselves and were that can am t should had him yourself their through other yourself so each now in than few any