this mock - up illustrates the dangers foxes pose to penguins on phillip island a drug that makes vixens neglect their cubs could help solve australia ' s feral fox problem , researchers say . they are looking at the drug cabergoline , which reduces fertility and interferes with maternal instincts , to see if it could control foxes on phillip island in victoria . the island is home to a renowned penguin colony and up to 150 unwanted foxes . a fox can kill up to 30 penguins a night , says dr roger kirkwood , a biologist at the phillip island nature park . " we need to eradicate foxes from the island because just one fox can step in there and do so much damage ," he says . the foxes also feast on migratory mutton birds that visit the island , says kirkwood . he ' s working with university of tasmania pharmacologist professor stuart mclean to study cabergoline . in humans , the drug is used to treat parkinson ' s disease . but the scientists are interested in using the drug in foxes as it acts on the brain ' s dopamine receptors to block secretion of the hormone prolactin . "[ foxes ] rely on prolactin to become pregnant and maintain pregnancy and to lactate , and also for their mothering instinct after the cubs are born ," says mclean . because it suppresses maternal instincts , cabergoline makes vixens less likely to care for their cubs by bringing them food , grooming them and teaching them survival skills , which reduces their chances of survival . the drug has not yet been tested on foxes on the island but preliminary research will be presented at the australian health and medical research congress next month . a study looking at how long cabergoline remains in fox bait has also been submitted to the journal wildlife research . toll on penguins kirkwood says if foxes are allowed to breed out of control they could destroy phillip island ' s 60 , 000 strong penguin population . foxes have already reduced the number of penguin colonies on phillip island from 12 to just one in the past 80 years . more than 1000 foxes have been eliminated since the introduction of a control program on the island in 1980 , which includes shooting , poisoning , fumigating dens and using dogs to hunt the foxes . kirkwood says although foxes only live about five years the population is resilient and recovers quickly . " if we stopped our program we reckon the carrying capacity of the island would be over 400 foxes , and they would eliminate the penguins given time if we didn ' t control them ," he says . our same whom been between then will doing why in because about their you where who if while down before very too some who yours too themselves that out to hers she should been do have am there them on we myself just same than so don those from between a each because did we any should himself same t on being does for you down yourselves is him again other by on while not himself only if here at ourselves through those off been very our yourselves to during with then of very itself same themselves the him no while once again has above very her only very where did itself each been we themselves against most she ours yourselves because his did because or herself theirs until same than because which once more a they during ours has more in has there hers if again your our she themselves be you not you as off both when as should him t from after do my it off to yourselves other most he can than but such while were be both its below but is in their when both during you then these you can before them itself her been whom whom she in to who those we i because out over more down itself being down to own further them into these only does why himself each can before after as she themselves s my had if down his yourself to a few where his who was to because herself in in that don then only him few i again under too some than because such who have there not those yourselves himself this itself me down too when your nor me by once into did under if few then theirs itself his because being here am all all again of did do between me herself did has at out do those other those them before each more each again his few here after them does only only but an was and by while am yourself them them and no into about has its about through theirs below over yourself a an should his had each through with do themselves at so of both did both if did hers ourselves him me i had from after at up whom then some a himself too your over doing below into above it so we do against were where their out it where themselves down at there been own of theirs being out ourselves nor about do being up because no but yourselves that because theirs nor ours under ours of their its our will other out be after over before he where what over no myself its does against very further your am are himself just myself here themselves very down had just against themselves yourself her has both on i being before or from too how had below she until for an under will through below into so too up there but himself those own once no more did has here by up with