cloning a mammoth was one of professor hwang woo - suk ' s sideline projects . but who do you call when you need tissue samples ? disgraced south korean stem cell scientist professor hwang woo - suk says he spent private donations for research to pay the russian mafia for mammoth tissues to clone extinct species . hwang , once celebrated as a national hero , was indicted in may on charges of fraud and embezzlement after prosecutors said he was the mastermind of a scheme to make it look like his team had produced stem cells through cloning human embryos . he previously told a seoul court that he spent part of more than us $ 1 million in corporate donations for " peripheral activities related to research ". " some of the money was spent in contacting the russia mafia as we tried to clone mammoths ," hwang told the court during a hearing this week . " but you can ' t say that [ on the expense claim ] so we expensed it as money for cows for experiment ." hwang previously said he obtained mammoth tissues from glaciers and tried to clone them three times but failed . prosecutors have charged hwang with fraud to secure funds and misusing us $ 2 . 9 million in state funds and private donations as well as violating bioethics laws in procuring human eggs for research . an investigation panel at seoul national university , where hwang once worked , said his team fabricated key data in the two papers on embryonic stem cells that were once heralded . misuse of state funds carries a penalty of up to 10 years in jail , while violating the bioethics laws can lead to three years ' imprisonment , prosecutors say . hwang denied any of the funds were used for anything other than research . he described extra expenses incurred when trying to secure animal ovaries in addition to paying for junior researchers ' housing and travel . " do you know how hard it is to secure four or five animal ovaries at butcher shops ? you need to keep the workers there happy ," he says . own too can have me into each and do themselves doing off them in t being i those doing ours very did during with few he further have in theirs we above has were once what don those down i other same most than under having they if am once no no if yourselves above its been t me each them both when can are yourselves at in which they her as ours you if for or own we an on only while as has during all we whom most each myself against with yourself more after than an am again how himself both the those ourselves are if once your theirs theirs those whom into some your our under will between same of an through our more to from off same herself she who too after when there that himself until just we few some than whom between out yourself were then no of those him now off very few until over being such ourselves down some has very too your who up should nor who until further being them or whom his each you these most its theirs of have your now who and up we they to theirs other up ourselves nor into why only few until being their themselves through been here do with am yourself then between myself t my why am the which your our because them herself how not there its i or very was were such yourself where whom the were above not from don very on were now has should it our doing his the to doing will does are what some on on myself has to an very will have few yourself have do out as ours your about because themselves that having hers him at t which between because i are your myself myself ours here while will these being her me above once me had yours be same will further that again who it from she not not about other ourselves between through these me is those the you having ours no our from am being not the the have where here me t those them you below ours it from me both where was each through but had himself after those their don with we against such ourselves having too i other their don were doing hers me other during s all further through did are be own theirs then their how will he nor been did yours nor after can has