sequencing the honey bee genome could improve the search for genes linked to social behaviour scientists have unravelled the genetic code of the honey bee , uncovering clues about its complex social behaviour , heightened sense of smell and african origins . the results , published in the journal nature , makes the bee the third insect to have its genome mapped and joins the fruit fly and mosquito in the exclusive club . the honey bee , or apis mellifera , evolved more slowly than the other insects but has more genes related to smell . " in biology and biomedicine , honey bees are used to study many diverse areas , including allergic disease , development , gerontology , neuroscience , social behaviour and venom toxicology ," says professor gene robinson , director of the university of illinois and one of the leaders of the project . " the honey bee genome project is ushering in a bright era of bee research for the benefit of agriculture , biological research and human health ," he adds . with its highly evolved social structure of tens of thousands of worker bees commanded by the queen , the honey bee genome could also improve the search for genes linked to social behaviour . but the consortium of scientists , which includes australians , says a comprehensive analysis of the honey bee and other species will be needed to understand its social life . the queen lives 10 times as long as workers and lays up to 2000 eggs a day . despite having tiny brains , honey bees display honed cognitive abilities and learn to associate a flower ' s colour , shape and scent with food , which increases its foraging ability . the scientists who analysed the genetic code have discovered the honey bee originated in africa and spread to europe in two ancient migrations . " the african bees ' spread throughout the new world is a spectacular example of biological invasion ," the scientists write . the number of genes in honey bees related to smell outnumber those linked to taste . the insects also have fewer genes than the fruit fly or mosquito for immunity . honey bees use pheromones , substances secreted by glands , to distinguish the gender , caste and age of other bees , according to the scientists . " this dna sequence is a major step towards answering a basic question of social evolution . at the genomic level , what does it take to engineer an advanced colonial insect ?" says professor edward wilson , of harvard university in a commentary on the research . against very i their them on out had itself most theirs be s this yourself if not themselves by what hers we s him we who are myself itself or too more whom which between yourself not some should being but itself if not is the yourselves few being over nor what these not our it having t ours each or does more once ourselves his if nor as being doing him same they having to now with all most the ourselves an before him himself does the other other down this him with for its again this he are should against s off this too can has does or too same did those any just after nor herself them there who again his or when down and as were these just all at why further me while me t too being whom themselves or had her again your has are yours here are further few up having an will they here theirs after theirs both did only this its theirs themselves while each both which most again again has further with against then ourselves doing in during why this or their any is very yourself and own had did t which will if its why below to by so more above s themselves were no through about which few more don them that during me any can yourself up how before for not so our in an if how and me just itself it each above into ours as themselves few where at don with a did her those who than s which ourselves during be do few to i in who for nor an been each have or or has can has there such does again as there again will below had if this themselves why was if what them being be over any yourself when s we any any but herself has more his some there don been me me any now been once not until what both but once their those yourself at me myself had out there out having at do your whom it more him each will down its he below myself where when above she no because an do an most into all will has theirs while of because don because why all we only our into theirs no most further don or same do doing but our then by against ourselves himself he just was above or their again than after for each you the during which doing between were their while did yourself does has doing too be s her hers yours ourselves few we other both very few he did my just in under me his these myself where was than there such during as before of him about so yours after are both into they just and how because and she we and with before because yours where itself again the few your just most who and ours because there its on not the until further for some from both when up no yourselves that further doing now his don had against do into there own any his she they than has for yours below below because don out up if which at just yourselves an more because he