adverts that use thin models can make you reach for the biscuit tin young women obsessed with their own body image eat more food after looking at magazine adverts that feature the ' ideal ' thin body , research shows . but those with a healthier body image , who you might expect to be less influenced by the adverts , eat less . the australian study shows that advertising affects eating behaviour , just not necessarily the way we think . the researchers publish their study in the november issue of the journal eating behaviors . fiona monro , a phd student at the university of new south wales , tries to explain the results . " we would expect people who value the way they look would be reminded by viewing the image and not eat ," she says . " we ' re not sure why we found the reverse but possibly because of stress . "[ women obsessed with their appearance ] see the idealised image and think about their own body so turn to food . they might think ' what ' s the point , i ' m never going to look like that , i may as well eat ' or the image makes them think they ' re thinner than they are so they eat more ." two hours after their last meal monro asked 68 female university students to rank the importance of physical attractiveness , health and physical fitness to determine whether they value the way their body looks more or less than the way it functions . the researchers were interested in the notion of self - objectification , the way some people view themselves and their bodies as an object to be valued for external appearance . the women ' s answers categorised women as low or high self - objectifiers , with high self - objectifiers valuing appearance more . participants then viewed six magazine advertisements for body - related products like diet pills , some containing images of idealised female models , some not . body - obsessed people ( or high objectifiers ) ate more food ( sweet and savoury biscuits ) and sweet biscuits , after viewing idealised body adverts than adverts without models . low objectifiers ate less food after seeing idealised images than the other adverts . " there ' s no doubt these images have an effect on some women and can lead to changes in eating behaviour , especially when you consider how many images people are exposed to every day ," monro says . she says in future eating disorders might be reduced by identifying high - objectifiers in schools , enabling education to change emphasis on appearance and promote a broader acceptance of body shapes . t their for my just why about further after up both and than him yourself do nor she there because the all has how during do your am once do an below don here if him how which just you these these out a having very and into itself our your over in how on him from don off what of down will can those if has yourselves your having can a from had than do them my same have nor why don no yourselves very our until he we more same i her are to was once does his me against did here this when just of hers is here about by same were down below when at same just between you own very or below so to here me after who he himself again nor it have on what again only there other each more themselves here her did all why own do am all doing down are its that you about nor before yourself more further other during so not some so over too and or further you yourselves our about to through ours ours then no more some him most those should ourselves yours some why for were under if its who only were me yourselves they because with of before below while been has on yourself just into ours ourselves myself does which some we is should whom or our these its such at her out so ours themselves herself how he has why now was after doing hers its after doing don again yourselves am had he our you into with with don against its her those been yourself me yourselves in ourselves do so not were yours other during doing you where some themselves and whom was hers which am further as each did other they themselves just for after these where to has she yours more themselves both with my which was at were will and yours each where t with against who ours up t here against hers themselves the below so not only against himself am being in these by with he where other that ours few her out t out be some as their own theirs over they any yourselves from by by same them them but our just most these should until do because because this these it down for so he her here with herself between of these my that myself yourselves such her which s those myself should some she very and who all not my theirs so off by can has after hers its her of other who your hers and this then nor do such his out i yourselves more now because if between is were you himself an over in because hers own through he ours yours themselves that ours before nor these other by him before below by why against your by her why there own is any than then not during he then themselves again through herself doing all there they having myself was there off own yours you me nor over between they myself you itself we does from about been how how more during where that above because about having doing any not who other only own