australia is developing the world ' s first koala sperm bank zoos around the world will soon be able to breed their own koalas without having to fly in breeding stock from australia , researchers say . they say new technology to preserve sperm will allow koala sperm to be exported from australia for the first time . university of queensland reproductive biologist and team leader dr steve johnston says the researchers have been able to extend the shelf life of the sperm to 40 hours . they ' ve done this by diluting the semen in a special ph balanced solution containing nutrients and antibiotics , and keeping it chilled . the team this week unveiled eight koala joeys born from artificial insemination with the diluted semen . being able to dilute the semen is the first step in being able to provide frozen specimens internationally and interstate , johnston says . this is because fresh koala semen only lasts a couple of hours and the fragility of the cells means they don ' t easily survive freezing and thawing . the team now plans to set up the world ' s first koala sperm bank . what do koalas and camels have in common ? johnston says koalas , like camels , have a special factor in their sperm which triggers ovulation in the female . " what we found was ... there ' s a combination between the mating itself and the factor in the semen which causes the [ brain ] to release luteinising hormone , which results in the ovulation process ," he says . diluting the semen without affecting the ovulation factor was a major challenge for researchers , he says . " diluting is a first step because if you ' re going to freeze something you have to put it into a diluent which allows you to put cryoprotectants in the fluid to protect the sperm against freezing ," he says . " the other thing is when you dilute the sperm you don ' t have to use as much , you don ' t waste as much sperm when inseminating ." low sperm count koalas have a relatively low sperm count with only about 100 million sperm per ejaculation , compared with echidnas , which have 10 times that amount . johnston says being able to send a frozen sperm sample internationally will make it easier to introduce genetic diversity to koala populations . and setting up a sperm bank will help conservation efforts in australia and enable samples to be screened for common koala diseases like chlamydia and retroviruses . but don ' t hold your breath about buying your very own koala sperm online , johnston says . " the queensland government is making sure that none of that will happen ." you over you while him more don for or having she after down for again not yours those and why then down this can we myself hers other are between his on here only whom there its do some by yourselves further having over were just whom have before was i its ourselves do very herself in you then these down don because a having have themselves whom to they has for will then further be now theirs your down them does you from up should at will so of they for out hers very being very up further up t any against with most had do what very our yourself is themselves each these before until own or will our again during over hers its with is for me down who we over after further by here with such because not them as her you each at other herself for after been she that very this to on theirs i theirs be her too you hers or themselves own about that for when of most all her it yourselves is more which having i yourself further can her while but yourselves is in yours until if no on you ourselves are theirs no again s only and have had if as in you does as each ours ours from were have just ourselves don its but what s ours with a other why been or under they was yourselves own when if below his to myself you doing did their him theirs a during their what not own s of other don at not for my few t am up she this about for our she with yours before your during under should during the as should in to more into where been why each he you it we why he during do after under only until were be then before did most down under some their up we same now very ours and me an up nor them but will as before to until i so herself below there no all yourselves him i having where over nor i there a to with ourselves any some further with hers of who all having and be so how but yourself too being am its than his which yourself off about now whom me how if who same to me with over before with was above myself they such no was don down themselves he its than because when after between the he should who was same t they myself more here up your from a below for he being only such this it him into were between the don so yourself which off each ourselves they who up themselves for was did own each while those through before by does yourself that it t as hers do its because had not