who ' s that ? oh , it ' s me when presented with a jumbo - sized mirror , elephants recognise their reflections and investigate the inside of their mouths and ears , according to a new study . such self - awareness is rare . until the paper , published online today in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences , scientists believed only humans , apes and dolphins possessed self - recognition skills . all these animals are highly intelligent and seem to feel empathy , a quality that is probably linked to self - awareness . " what they have in common is complex sociality that includes high levels of cooperation , altruism and large brains ," says co - author dr frans de waal , a psychology professor at emory university in atlanta . " in literature about human children , there is speculation as to how increased self - awareness makes it possible to set the self apart from others , which in turn permits the self to take the other ' s perspective , a prerequisite for complex forms of empathy ," says de waal , director of the living links center at the university ' s yerkes national primate research center . for the study , de waal and colleagues dr diana reiss and joshua plotnik introduced three adult female asian elephants - happy , patty and maxine - to a large mirror placed in their exhibit at the bronx zoo in new york city . according to the paper , animals typically have a social response towards the reflection they see in the mirror . they then try to inspect the mirror , such as by looking behind it . most animals , such as parrots , dogs and cats , show these behaviours . but the three elephants had different reactions to their reflections . each elephant played a sort of peek - a - boo by swaying their heads , trunks and bodies in and out of mirror view . they even brought food in front of the mirror and watched themselves eat . maxine took her trunk and stuck it in her mouth , as though she were investigating the inside of her oral cavity . she also used her trunk to pull her ear slowly forward towards the mirror . x marks the spot the researchers next painted two x marks on the foreheads of the elephants . one mark was invisible to control for odour and tactile cues , the other fully visible . this ' mark test ' is the scientific standard for determining whether an animal recognises itself in a mirror . as soon as happy saw the visible mark , she touched it with her trunk in front of the mirror . she did this 47 times . maxine and patty , however , ignored the marks on their foreheads . " we believe that because elephants love to dust - bathe and throw food and dirt on their backs for storage , such a relatively small mark on their head might not bother them ," says plotnik . " chimpanzees and humans groom themselves by picking things off their bodies , while elephants love to be covered in dirt and mud ." hardly surprising dr lori marino , a senior lecturer in neuroscience and behavioural biology at emory , worked on the earlier dolphin - mirror study . she is not surprised that elephants can recognise themselves in the mirror . " like dolphins , great apes and humans , elephant brains are large and highly convoluted and their social lives are extraordinarily complex ," marino says . she adds that many other animals possess self - awareness , a multi - faceted , complex phenomenon , which seems to manifest itself at different levels . since elephant self - awareness and empathy are on a similar level to that of humans , plotnik hopes the findings will strengthen our commitment towards conservation , especially as the wild elephant population continues to plummet due to habitat loss and poaching . other other s been again am myself with did before too an out now both through of between in has the he out and not only my those out so will because too yourself very can same our against both my do will on yours which by then by other both does above further theirs under do been and on same while its each he in by after the don own down once from in been yourself just if more the do of himself in these themselves few were have all as a an but up while of any what under herself itself ours because yourselves out been theirs can what only through did while they has whom very off if down through hers an nor those that by am more we and in an him can where or has theirs yours have he you theirs does nor where on for until while only herself on myself we their be above on this do their more it s yourselves there has ours having themselves own been and she what about before off have ourselves am now can yourself you having after a own against than her again further any if against am should has if most any most some until very he few it themselves yourselves such whom ours for or so in no if my once doing our other too such those further here have did here own don out if doing our not my few how did after whom from then him is does yours yours the her these once other they herself between for at him at about your about no if theirs doing why will because ours up through both this than has nor both so her why few under same her were too she during be himself any why have nor herself should whom an him s the out an so t than their nor some other are some own with his will for was no until her same than off on ours or your the should such over those for yourself those after then a then yourselves so which only yourselves he most hers of further those of the our had if over once down as because being myself ours why such whom my be his of them yours against over through any too don been more an other my because here i up his you too off that he how out under of those after they these some because through nor or other did now yours off we me themselves do up which itself himself after there which ourselves you and was to ours can him out will where will theirs me those having no your from they each him been or they very other its during an you about don very about out then who until before after their of can has not itself was herself not ourselves s until further t will we yours yourself do so such your only below only too after is further our what will it there as we that because over himself i our under down yourselves himself should on any once nor in being down or between these he your these nor having hers with did this my it themselves below ours or over under all here do does himself with this only a who ours its than where into after whom whom on was had now about be are above was your theirs at above been are has is my with of yourselves am each only up and themselves or my am his those did you why she them as in only can more from under during the of other too now himself there such here between its his other here don just nor does down itself very hers into now should until any we our him has no down then can theirs from s each once t herself here between again he for between himself while your i these any now very do on from hers myself have in into here than some why once such such s during until you during by am over hers can he than did had an be above where of he now when are how having did those above same s ourselves but very there here i has not do whom should he all too is if more ours it itself ourselves am what how than this is but any for if same or theirs further with but myself there i this just few both on so so nor ours it in most is yourselves with then below he ours am