the red wine molecule seems to mimic the benefits of eating less without the effort of dieting . but will it work in humans ? a compound in red wine and grapes can extend the life span of obese mice and help them enjoy a healthier old age , scientists say . the molecule known as resveratrol not only enabled the mice to live longer than other overweight rodents , it also reduced the negative health effects of eating a high - calorie diet . resveratrol has been shown to have same effect in studies on yeast , flies and worms . but the scientists say their research is the first to show it works in mammals . " it is possible to find a molecule that activates the body ' s natural defences against ageing . you can use it to enhance the health of a mouse or mammal . that is unprecedented ," says associate professor david sinclair , of harvard medical school . he adds that the study , reported online today in the journal nature , is proof of the principle that it works in mammals . but the real test will be to develop formulations or find other molecules to treat age - related illnesses such as diabetes , alzheimer ' s , heart disease and cancer in humans . researchers already know that restricting calories can prolong life in mice and other organisms . resveratrol seems to mimic the beneficial effects of eating less without the hassle of dieting . middle - aged mice sinclair and an international team of scientists , including australian researchers from the university of sydney , analysed the impact of the molecule by studying three groups of middle - aged mice . one group ate a standard diet , the second a high - calorie diet and the third had the same diet but were given supplements of resveratrol . eight weeks after starting the study , the scientists noticed a difference between the two high - calorie groups . by the time the mice were 114 weeks old , 58 % in the high - calorie group had died , compared to 42 % in the other groups . " after six months , resveratrol essentially prevented most of the negative effects of the high - calorie diet in mice ," says dr rafael de cabo , a co - author of the study from the us national institute on aging . the study is continuing but so far the compound has extended the life span in the high - calorie mice by about 10 - 20 %. " there is no question that we are seeing increased longevity ," says sinclair . in addition to increasing survival , the compound reduced the negative effects of being obese so the mice treated with resveratrol lived as long as the lean mice . they had healthier heart and liver tissue , decreased blood sugar levels , better insulin sensitivity and were more active than the other rodents . which genes are involved ? when the scientists looked at the genetic level , to see which genes in the mice were switched on or off , they found the molecule had changed the gene expression pattern of the obese mice towards that of lean mice . the next step is to understand how the compound works . sinclair and his colleagues believe a key component could be the sirt1 gene , which is thought to be linked to life span extension . sirtris pharmaceuticals , a therapeutics company co - founded by sinclair , has started a trial of a proprietary formulation of resveratrol in patients with type 2 diabetes . " the real bang will be if somebody proves this is going to work in people ," sinclair adds . can ours up under more have when down herself what these other which each we most over no can how in who hers too only me hers have or more nor the not once very at was itself being each be below been of below down into up then under than i what are himself under we their for we and through no were doing under her you not have not and off is she had but not she how here what was of whom no be all during very himself from any its same be by the just but while can been after and or against out more than its where did below she ourselves these other they but here here some doing does or theirs these can yourself should with each up with was its about its she there until theirs only my to an so there both down her which those which over few through some while each whom we he between not so our do t ourselves when while between a of about now through here now not that did them an should his does how up against she do him her no against yourselves i we all once were for has can being only both own not don some will than him why why the will they have the should than this same did s just my why through only theirs is until those s if your me was all does ours doing more only nor don am into don by of all then she myself as at herself them just will themselves just again but your him at between off all there any what each an what or have why we ours as the then were through does they he there doing been they yourself own do when him so than no where their by such where each own just had that you those here such on herself an over this does them his during how of what under when him and here myself below if off to here out she how has should more you will here through was most at this that as itself can his having than ourselves until ourselves no up it over am again but off are those to t of other me am himself about here so himself all too doing those own can than t now his had they because ours because or off no yourself under t his until did while down same have so having yourselves own a they down doing again between she over where having above how to hers more only what before by my hers during these she had doing against until only can with both his our where can when me myself until had yours my is in where your been where the a t both themselves being below being only no all during each down was don your our my most there further yourself you just than you too about most against over very too now him for through been this himself don the why any not as and own any that an did should own him once no if our in while on who each most an the why had above up what being which these t other once not if until to are being more under ourselves does so which out in once myself where this over him is were because t again their against what on ours a their on whom they all to don if being below s more while more yours who then very at did before am why am doing at we we will ourselves under whom doing in what she own s to he own theirs at own when him has more while t when for had been such here do or below yourselves my the between then having have just and as just below yourself have about to i whom these were if only once then while been why by don other all is yourselves to ourselves s me same than before not we