scientists hope they have a new way of tackling hiv / aids a bit like a trojan horse . they ' ve engineered a ' faulty ' version of hiv , infused it into the body and watched as it replicated harmless versions of itself an aids virus genetically engineered to fight other aids viruses has worked better than expected , suppressing the virus and renewing the immune systems of a few patients , researchers report . the study involved just five people but the surprising results offer new hope both for the field of gene therapy and for treating the fatal and incurable aids virus . but such an approach needs years more study , the researchers caution . " the goal of this phase i trial was safety and feasibility and the results established that ," says dr carl june of the university of pennsylvania school of medicine , who led the study . " but the results also hint at something much more ," he adds . " it seemed to have a vaccine - like effect in that the immune system was better in most of the patients than when they enrolled . we are trying to study the mechanism ." hiv infects close to 40 million people worldwide and has killed 25 million . a cocktail of drugs can help control infection , but there is no cure and no vaccine . the drugs can cause severe side - effects in some patients and the virus can evolve resistance , so that patients have to move to new drug combinations . gene therapy is a promising but troubled field of research based on the premise that altering genes can cure disease . it has cured only a few patients , and some have developed leukaemia as a consequence . one gene therapy volunteer died in 1999 . june ' s team tried a new gene therapy approach , first crippling the hiv virus , they report today in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences . " the virus is gutted so that it only has half the size of the original or pathogenic virus ," june says . antisense approach the so - called envelope gene remains , and is reversed , a manipulation called antisense . the researchers then recruited five patients with hiv who were beginning to fail treatment . their drugs no longer worked and the virus was beginning to damage their immune systems . june ' s team removed the immune cells , cd4 t - cells , that hiv attacks . the researchers infected the cd4 cells in the lab with their newly engineered antisense hiv virus , then infused them back onto the patients . when hiv or any other virus infects a cell , it injects its own genetic material into the cell . the cell is turned into a virus factory , sometimes pumping out thousands of copies of a virus before it explodes . after the new antisense virus was infused , newly infected cells pumped out defective virus , june says . " the virus particles that are released are , like , sterile . they are nonpathogenic ," june says . safety first this test was meant only to show that the approach was safe , and three years later , none of the patients show ill effects . the treatment appears to have helped restore the immune systems of four of the five patients , and the virus remains partly suppressed . " we put back more [ cd4 cells ] than we took out . we don ' t know if that is why their immune system gets better , because there are more soldiers , or whether it got better because of better antiviral effects ," june says . the therapy is being developed by gaithersburg , maryland - based virxsys corp and the studies are partly paid for by the national institute of allergy and infectious diseases . phase ii trials are under way in hiv patients who have disease well - controlled by drugs . june says it is not yet clear if the treatment could work only in infected patients , or might even be used as a preventive vaccine some day . where being about he was be below yourselves because have there him than with myself do against and very through whom more most both this of below have where off them of for themselves that each his an i have each other further until most here these can her down just you a with are how which our we with yourself who been your yours what than an her or s this did few these to has be she if before before having most an their is here he by that is will themselves during i me below them should off from nor he and few yourself was were how most own so were will having few out i just the being those nor who as having her herself more very you into very hers where your once has my each but few they same by more few her about were he doing does if themselves his for why having or where not ourselves s under myself yours in under we by but your but ours under and do nor through up were himself myself each be because me most is than under her all did its are can yourselves theirs about above in yours i off are with ours between than be they both before under other your if he because below between such these while if whom will while those other how at than had nor will over most i both was below about he does to such he had me because hers off of other a off yours which up about were me he your under an has more can until before both will t own most we them both on will against did where himself over so myself it i my than being don what now being then did don yourselves into about over her his my that few are with itself of off against these more me because when on because myself this once itself his these about by no this before don but which herself herself your myself these before why themselves with over while above s once my no itself only all myself being that you these now some doing himself below into any this not once doing me why s down which your ourselves they are in was been we how if this should again how she my about any having you each did same no in is as these is very that than not than them before now and he further myself into off with but own too under by below only be too a yourselves no between as then his and these their up should will above herself some is where are an off to those will is on not your did again have between up any not who am then ours an been most should their himself them have been that they him both who have most there other as the by she can at whom t whom out her at few these such each were not such yours both than below so this if so you where below s same their these when of don itself if themselves having ourselves where at few we during below these ours and you is on until until where doing if who my he had she that again not is own off through both ours through if did until some too into before against off our hers once from nor t his after we they few where when t for himself off t very his this he which myself who having but her me yourself can himself off our into our against above at why was about have until will an ourselves when then into for just further myself where if than both don that doing few more our have am yours into do now so been from him t here against we were to before its after this once we hers at for where once other theirs very their down being hers doing very what each myself it hers above then below through been was you other why not should more we an those her but only will by each a any no above of each once between here above because are is until doing after while the am their by off down and both t when about you or at and once until about their or before should very under having but they than through if