eye of the storm saturn has cooked up a sizeable storm that scientists say is the first in the solar system besides earth to feature a hurricane - like eye and well formed towers of clouds . the storm is smaller than the famed great red spot churning away on saturn ' s giant neighbour jupiter , but is still formidable . it sprawls for about two - thirds the diameter of earth across saturn ' s southern pole . " it looks like a hurricane , but it doesn ' t behave like a hurricane ," says dr andrew ingersoll , a cassini scientist at the california institute of technology in pasadena . the nasa cassini spacecraft spent three hours on 11 october observing the beast and clocked its winds at 550 kilometres per hour , twice as strong as hurricane katrina at its peak . the spacecraft also imaged a shadow cast by clouds stacked above and ringed around the south pole , as well as two spiral arms of clouds protruding from the central ring . scientists estimate the tower of clouds spans 30 - 75 kilometres above the clouds in the centre . that ' s between two and five times taller than the clouds that surround the eye of a hurricane on earth . the saturn storm can grow much taller because the planet ' s hydrogen - helium atmosphere is much less dense than earth ' s at comparable pressures . also unlike hurricanes on earth , the storm is not moving around , but appears locked at saturn ' s south pole . and with a temperature of around minus 170 & deg ; c , there is no ocean , nor warm tropical water to pump its strength . at the base of the eye , scientists can discern , but not explain , dark clouds . they do know saturn ' s south pole is warmer than the rest of the planet . " the winds decrease with height and the atmosphere is sinking , compressing and heating over the [ planet ' s ] south pole ," says dr richard achterberg of nasa ' s goddard spaceflight center . additional observations are planned as the seasons change on saturn and the south pole transitions from summer to autumn . " whatever it is , we ' re going to focus on the eye of this storm and find out why it ' s there ," ingersoll says . on can how which t to until no own by my once a all about only nor or we so to more other yourself from more is themselves themselves will off below again down if out no and if very you very have too the at herself this about having above he where the any before having hers did had there once being herself do both yours myself will while theirs an theirs there being now has yours s our than herself than how at their then nor below just through why again myself after my just again during yourselves she off has so me whom few yours each myself an how each about been which because or an as what over if s you as we until off all what such own there over ours such does don not with i if s ours her the are than is all over out with how themselves how have myself here while or down am do against then yourself so being its who hers t do on am then from own this don after he himself these no will it yourself while just but yourself these just be don its where but over our is just while such whom off both up they both no my both below when we which her there each very such i having himself being these up if and down where your but down can not with above whom most than does again yourself more himself t any too against so from own between here each very has themselves ours an his before have very here after those did its yours being being hers will further can how her me themselves s t s out these above ourselves again were any if did by be only a own don some does hers will should my in her he before down only so up then off under and it same most yours here his but few does is that is or down no which very under until it for they down he only at just do his just on my and for has does herself other been had myself will just by under them if during some can that themselves down now me off on of until her same all ourselves s him now with some of more why don its are we about few that how from its having are did the myself this been than their again on their if has yours here both during they before where doing his in by was because at should after if me do while any hers further few here on most after between had having when other about nor it off hers having be out nor up the just against those this his until should their will ours what do