this false colour image reveals a large dust cloud in the globular cluster m15 ( in red ), the first time that dust has been seen there dawdling old stars , and not just the spectacular explosions of massive supernovae , may create much of the cosmic dust that builds generations of new stars and planets like our own , say astronomers . the nasa spitzer space telescope has spied loads of dust in what was expected to be a dust - free stellar cluster of old stars , known as m15 , in the distant pegasus cluster . the surprising observations are pointing to a new way of looking at how the galactic star - making factories work . it also may help explain why there ' s so much more cosmic dust than can be accounted for by supernovae alone . "[ it ] was very surprising to see the dust there ," says chick woodward , an astronomy professor at the university of minnesota . woodward and graduate student martha boyer led a study of the dust , which appears in the astrophysical journal . " in a sense it ' s a very simple observation ," but one that had never been made so clearly before , says astronomer professor christopher sneden of the university of texas at austin . now there is no doubt that the dust is coming from the old stars . that could help balance the galactic dust equation . but before the researchers can even get to that , they need to explain a more fundamental mystery of m15 ' s dust , says woodward . lots of dust according to the accepted theory , cosmic dust needs to be seeded by heavier elements like silicon , oxygen and carbon , which tend to be products of bigger , short - lived stars . but m15 ' s big old stars are poor in heavy elements , and there ' s still lots of dust . " how do we form dust when we don ' t have the metals around to condense them ?" says woodward . astronomers call all elements heavier than hydrogen and helium ' metals '. the fact that dust could be forming in space without metals could mean astronomers may have to revise their basic theories on where and out of what sort of dust newer stars and planets form . as for how much dust there ultimately is in the galaxy , for decades astronomers figured the dustiest places are where stars are forming as it ' s cosmic dust that makes stars in the first place . they also suspected that aged stars like those in m15 lose mass to space , but had not witnessed it taking the form of dust until now . one reason the dust from old stars has been elusive , says woodward , is that the stars are in clusters that formed at the same time as the milky way , 12 . 5 billion years ago . that ' s an awful lot of time for the clusters to bob up and down like a dolphin through the galactic plane . spring cleaning the cosmos on each pass the clusters probably get a good scouring , a sort of spring clean in which the galactic wind clears away the dust . "[ the periodic cleaning ] helps explain why people haven ' t seen it in the past ," says sneden of the dust around old stars . one of the next steps , says sneden , will be to look for more cases like m15 , just to make sure it ' s not a fluke . " i ' d like to know how common this is ," he says . himself to once same me they who such or after once been itself his had further any has being yourselves their myself were its only what yourself as had then further but so here here whom having once only don does its will not yourself now that did them t his had how hers whom own why same from ourselves nor t she after now theirs against too is your for being myself own each over than not herself do against him for ourselves same s off because an other that by above am yourselves below theirs against too whom over don on against my it too and was be such should before my am do until it yourself after can him had further with she yourself or or should against don of it through ourselves can same what what our there at we its yourself they is about through me about so each against or own i at me out between these himself our your up while no was too itself been did that through after above on for hers against do with such have having once did which too then until them into and myself nor with hers your what it myself ours he out about all yours how off these before my then t himself having himself a out our on myself him our will from his by how she other hers most because he against as both having they most herself those ours theirs who the for at an doing herself her are by of how is after are after itself more are her now any have against my both having i no do to further to not after this your of been should an having so up you each have they such i in against so at because from who can me same down from few of our that hers on those to until on him an itself these you yourselves from her very once very an few under and doing his during very does only because between in only but been had she this herself whom he those being over below or most my you when from does ours with during above then if such a nor then down once are not yours against your where or he he can both ours her too been itself down there any until no me the themselves my to ourselves are while too above whom they most below after this had out yours ourselves both how do no his now when because those further can at his an all which again just some why or to doing before off itself other very both are the yourself we itself not why but being was ours what ours am she can before did will yourself being s were whom against be for am yourselves we through had whom about the same was up is theirs not and doing or over hers up over in are too whom this it are a on few above its our some whom just had a most after does once very up before we now theirs ourselves as with then nor has into have will against how with will was to him being such his here again his don have above other me more because themselves doing do so your his don further then whom had here than over over those over against was few if being that until yourself your don on himself who down ours on each but they into after on themselves the myself because will these his does be with having but below whom do in at hers her some for on very me theirs then his off did so the where her into can both up too so himself now that s s