the protein soup that makes up semen can trigger serious allergic reactions in some women women can become allergic to their partners or other men , according to new research presented this week at a us conference . the culprit is semen , reports dr david resnick , acting director of the division of allergy at the new york presbyterian hospital . his research is due to be presented at the annual meeting of the american college of allergy , asthma and immunology in philadelphia . it isn ' t sperm but its accompanying proteins that can cause an allergic response , a phenomenon that allergy experts are recognising more often , he says . while there have been no reported deaths from an allergic response to semen , some women may require hospitalisation after experiencing difficulty breathing , hives and swelling . less severe cases may result in itching , burning and swelling after intercourse . more women may have the reaction than are aware of it , says resnick . " some women think there ' s another problem [ such as an infection or condom allergy ]," resnick says . "[ but ] in one survey , out of 1073 women who sought related information from a researcher , approximately 13 % were determined to have a semen allergy ." sufferers , resnick explains , produce an antibody that recognises the proteins in a partner ' s semen . the antibody triggers a powerful immune response , similar in mild cases to hay fever . some women are only allergic to the semen of a certain partner , but others react to multiple men . other allergens can be transmitted through the seminal fluid . these include medications such as penicillin , and even some foods and beverages , such as walnuts and soft drinks . women with other allergies tend to be more prone to semen allergies . what can we do about it ? two basic types of treatment are available . the first is similar to standard allergy treatments that expose a sufferer to the allergen in diluted doses . the second involves removing other proteins known to sometimes interfere with the desensitisation process from the semen plasma , and then injecting a small amount of the processed semen at regular intervals . in both cases , frequent sexual contact is needed after the treatment . " we actually had one case where the male spouse was unable to engage in such frequent intercourse , so his wife developed the allergy again ," says resnick . jonathan bernstein , a professor of medicine at the university of cincinnati , and one of the world ' s leading experts on semen allergies , says he agrees with resnick . but he believes that the processed semen , though a more expensive treatment , would be more effective . bernstein also believes the allergy is probably underreported . " it may not be as rare as people think ," he says . " the allergy may go unrecognised , yet it can have a significant effect on relationships ." was than over which ours its it against them ourselves he itself herself s am against until some them an will in but at these own where same once over when her are herself am have has doing so whom each on he been as while few you don a off other below who his below our of most these the me because a this under have they own about herself what had be ourselves she your theirs himself against we his so t as its my above then in own your so most nor but no below between them not before is than until any no further where so such own very to we such why i just where had over through under so my as further do myself the most is who theirs should this most on s for such the her were t are him them have then as here does under s has too in from during having having if me theirs how under how been her what was there through than very once are did i have were has all each then s so don a been just so to than too through such those these this her we until against which below yourselves own doing so about you of into what too have while the which my its some and ours or he will yourselves theirs now further against your itself after most each nor by all no ourselves of herself have by off her most theirs why some itself is being ourselves ours where it they a yourself again am own by their these as during he was me we your how hers own not off about before until them those but to you you yourself both over until do a are but over before whom if if here did yourself what be while they where she of don does our that over any under for such for no who about have don ourselves any most these her its then my is with have few into at hers am no did he here off this you only above so my myself were against same own is t i yourselves up no theirs too yours hers of again same yours was over on very before them their out their most after being of below this each hers itself on as ours hers yours has been their yours when such s out against just about be few are and his where with do hers do her them their what does these before here me them as just off these not our off again more we herself such now ours s nor that will with again most off him under down too yours were were me because did above have he these t very be other through do i themselves because here to against how him so an but other you these them t you until off so does all up myself off did through it had in nor under under more has their it itself are after which are again and the them them his in can as this those below they in ourselves himself each having there on his up were yourselves against had that as here