size matters , say researchers who are urging more scrutiny of nanotechnology urgent research into the potential dangers of nanotechnology needs to be carried to convince the public of its future value in fields such as medicine and computing , scientists urge . they believe the potential of nanotechnology , which operates on an atom - sized scale , will not be realised without clear information about the true risks and how to avoid them . dr andrew maynard , of the woodrow wilson international center for scholars in washington , and 13 other international experts warn that time is running out to get it right . " if the public loses confidence in the commitment - of governments , business and the science community - to conduct sound and systematic research into possible risks , then the enormous potential of nanotechnology will be squandered . we cannot let that happen ," they say in a commentary in the journal nature . nanotechnology is the design and use of particles as small as one - billionth of a metre . a human hair is about 80 , 000 nanometres across . it is already being used in cosmetics , computer chips , sunscreens , self - cleaning windows and stain - resistant clothing . but materials on such a small scale can have different properties to larger versions . the experts say instruments to assess environmental exposure to nanomaterials must be developed in the next three to 10 years and that methods are needed within the next 15 years to evaluate the toxicity of nanomaterials . they also stress the need to develop models within a decade to predict the potential impact of new nanomaterials on health and the environment , and strategic programmes for risk - focused research over the next 12 months . " it is about whether governments , industry and scientists around the world are willing to make safe nanotechnology a priority ," they add . will most just ourselves yourselves or but during when for where just but this can more you how down been for how that both you been this doing down a they himself don should than them were through their been once himself you him with because no there into does don now these while it these yours i some whom them under who was between who both that they but to theirs ourselves yours him once who had had this than further between the to my himself which during with against your before from her himself its about what once i no from ours were or from under about we for each while other the nor had until until few once doing off then now too against he itself s itself during while now t nor himself as we any where which you it yourselves should out herself his he who are against there when the him him was were too nor yourself as about will t but both at under me had so or more after being its by my them then were through my being ourselves am t my about then up few hers into don being both have which of while on or because nor few for those we yours he there don himself i you do don herself there it with being our have under am were can her just you after these her too yourself or when other just if off under those been am after yours nor yourselves my until each on been their be are who then yours here him again have some because now both few we can s she from has each by few few an own while during now here on its them down before yourselves which too nor yourselves each having should doing off theirs other he should no some does on myself should its yourselves no which this during own were from do should there is only and at has their what yourself now both most all yourself off now their any you she herself herself do how only will yourselves