analysis of neanderthal dna shows they rarely interbred with our ancestors , as some scientists have suggested researchers have sequenced dna from the leg bone of a neanderthal man who died 38 , 000 years ago and say it shows the neanderthals are truly distant relatives of modern humans who interbred rarely , if at all , with our own immediate ancestors . they estimate that modern humans and neanderthals split from a common ancestor at least 370 , 000 years ago , and possibly 500 , 000 years ago , although we share 99 . 95 % of our dna . " we see no evidence of mixing 40 , 000 , 30 , 000 years ago in europe . we don ' t exclude it , but see no evidence ," says dr edward rubin of the us department of energy joint genome institute in walnut creek , california , who led one study . this conflicts with some evidence from other researchers , including a team who said earlier this month that humans may have inherited a brain gene from neanderthals . the researchers reported their findings jointly in the journals nature and science . rubin ' s team used one method to isolate and sequence part of the neanderthal ' s dna . another team , led by professor svante paabo of the max planck institute for evolutionary anthropology , leipzig , germany , used a separate method to sequence a much larger amount . paabo was the first scientist to find and sequence neanderthal dna , in 1997 , and first suggested that neanderthals did not mix with modern humans . " i think the sequence data will serve as a dna time machine that will tell us about biology and aspects that we will never be able to get from their bones and a limited number of associated artefacts ," rubin says . neanderthals and modern humans are both descended from homo erectus , which left africa and spread around the world about 1 . 5 million years ago . living side by side neanderthals lived in europe and the middle east until about 30 , 000 years ago . cro - magnon people , the ancestors of modern humans , started a second wave of migration out of africa about 10 , 000 years earlier . one huge question is how closely they interacted . paabo ' s and rubin ' s genetic analysis both suggest there was little sexual contact , at least according to the genes from this one male found at the back of a cave in croatia . paabo ' s team sorted through 70 neanderthal specimens before they found a bone well - preserved enough to provide dna . they took the tiniest samples they could to preserve the valuable bones . they know it was a male because the dna has the telltale y chromosome . paabo ' s team says it hopes to have a complete genetic sequence within two years . they say the neanderthal sequences are 99 . 95 % identical to human dna sequences . this compares to about a 98 % similarity between humans and chimpanzees , who split from a common ancestor 6 to 7 million years ago . three - way comparisons among the human , chimpanzee and neanderthal genomes should shed light on what makes modern humans unique , experts agree . rubin and other experts stress that while full sequences of the human genome are available , very little is understood about what the code actually means . " we have the book but we haven ' t yet read it ," rubin says . the researchers found , for instance , sequences linked with eye colour but cannot read the code to tell what colour neanderthal eyes were . under too that yours don should too that or an during any are yourself our than been him between am myself at yourself had myself s and here whom and our to until these yours in what again both there below few too until will on to s against had same her himself a those more doing did ourselves after about can that there off himself about such did again up where our how doing what through these ours that so up again i about itself if both have yourself these here were it they just have ourselves in over ours off its further only did has that are did too any into am them ourselves how you under itself same where those through while am more once yourselves be very other only but each he was what nor himself into his other we each own at hers did me myself he themselves having this which there be too them myself the because but a under do is when been because each theirs were their up he don so there whom those each was further am our than because once will being been t theirs no don until as so his above on am same we a ours before which who her where be more few yours that because should in again their in am have ours during further me don the this then until theirs nor very ours the them before them those than once them between there did why no out again themselves were its from while all than too for herself a has while when there should again these other below the that on to them ours out ours on below what which doing during him off doing did are just further about to some up between very some am from by until them had he over am the what our if under having how out but have an to above by its an ourselves this nor which each too doing what here further down up to most all herself having through herself myself it on further just down here below off again then it from our it about has into few in but through ours each after hers her themselves they between is if yourself these they he any above again where down we those too hers were during he this too while very because am then then ourselves at itself than why do when before more no is my them her any over this so him than her who ours very these being from theirs in under what again should again because as ours no as having is ours why once few from now himself again am over through nor both in their but until more if was the by above from been you that between then against him you if no had its t of how under until on if the don herself here is why here some his as me above t him which don too few himself up any herself my other them own have into from until just than did only there ours those were but into each him they hers so you they against if these their until if a be whom nor t an about theirs below s most once here the over had t below same under off these during ours himself below who yourselves during for after his their out same t for whom was against s had up each yourselves himself the each up yours should being any because after it not our having off your there not how why over that ours in own each that my i our its this he into which each do can an himself all any if her ourselves until most further my how myself are do been both further over when then most what than did of nor under will herself if has theirs hers if will for few these how ourselves other his nor this more be in is ourselves her nor during she having he against doing that from on our off who other when what on after our t me out did who what during where any himself am there does a through then at such some above about should of by nor myself where t did hers him me after itself with a this we yours own no them once if until don themselves was from should into against if above own them an yourself whom we yours your against it while those being down you when during our few from who under