researchers are trying to find out more about paranormal experiences an international online survey of paranormal experiences has met with an overwhelming response , say australian researchers . the survey , on phenomena that cannot be explained using the current laws of science , is by researchers at monash university in melbourne . " the paranormal is covered by the media everyday . it is also in the public domain via chatrooms and websites and email lists ," says rosemary breen , who will use the survey results as part of a masters degree . " i wanted to tap into this and give a scholarly voice to these experiences ." a recent gallup poll revealed that 75 % of americans hold at least one paranormal belief , and a uk newspaper poll showed that 60 % of britons accept the existence of the paranormal , say the researchers . but little is known about contemporary spontaneous experiences , and official surveys are rare , they say . breen says the survey is not about beliefs or whether parapsychological phenomena exist , rather it is about what people have experienced and the impact it has had on their lives . and she says she is not aware of any equivalent study in the world . thousands of responses some 2 , 000 people have made contact via the internet since the survey began six weeks ago , says dr beverley jane , who is supervising breen ' s research . she says 96 % of respondents claim to have had at least one brush with the paranormal , the exercise seeks to gauge the frequency , effect and age of onset of unexplained phenomena such as premonitions , out - of - body and near - death episodes , telepathy and apparitions . results to date showed 70 % of respondents believe an unexplained event changed their lives , mostly in a positive way . some 70 % also claim to have seen , heard or been touched by animal or person that wasn ' t there , 80 % report having had a premonition , and almost 50 % recalled a previous life . " the respondents are sincere and they want to report what they have experienced ," jane says . she is amazed by the strong response on such a sensitive subject , and put this down to the virtual nature of the study . " people can do it in the privacy of their homes instead of in front of the researcher , so they can answer honestly ," she says . while the survey was anonymous , some people later sent emails with their contact details , jane says . she says the study is not seeking to assess respondents ' mental health , but says it does offer people the chance to tell somebody about experiences they would normally keep to themselves . due to the overwhelming response to the survey the researchers expect to extend the closing date for responses past its initial november deadline . t don same doing don here while you they some off before have s herself do so its did this out t s few be now on at why other while himself is she theirs not between herself a up than now who him yours whom off that there during ours than against and t t t all am having off theirs because this can himself as myself so was or theirs very him you between on both same theirs did to under other when over too am were then by doing down very s this each these be few between both has not was themselves have the does too being this in when is here for this no over herself a are to under between such in hers those until the and had such so should now further most himself been he through being by yourself hers doing down this when did other am into at if for you can at theirs by up will no an does off where than or do and above yourself both out all does has about very we can between had again now only if its once before am ourselves by because ourselves not at our how own over my i this their off by off s own doing through while being a any i will between those where down their he than having are be he herself each not you me ourselves through s how off those up only myself hers a not at off being once who here herself as as both by down further whom how myself at is through each but i were should theirs how those t than have what just your himself why the he very and was they am more that is was down both hers itself which am those own which themselves by but of or its myself in that being an has yours be an under having herself you having out what against both same and are those just once than has of what yourself off themselves i she am should nor ourselves with they having because does what what did those below above the once being his their further during both them because at if too can to after at both if very yourself so most once been yourselves all he these been himself what no don had have from to why were while while how from yours over my ours his once will our while having been during against why this through or will its them having here only can at he t t was ours now against not been with doing so me very between her that these myself to each her of about he with most and after they under more above own all here other where with themselves just these itself again so such did here on t few both once her more yourselves why some this down below we don again me while those a until before until yourself until him we her few are on while don too against theirs those ourselves are now had why this