scientists say they can genetically engineer cotton plants to remove a toxic compound , making cottonseed fit for humans to eat scientists say they have found a way of using the cotton plant to feed potentially half a billion people a year . texas a & m university plant biotechnologist associate professor keerti rathore and colleagues report they have genetically altered the plant to reduce the levels of the toxic chemical gossypol in cottonseed , making it fit for humans to eat . " it actually tastes pretty good . it reminds me of chickpea . it ' s a fairly good - tasting seed ," he says . " it tasted better than soybean , i can tell you that ," adds rathore , who publishes the team ' s research in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences . the protein - rich , gm cottonseed could be ground into a flour and made into bread and other foods , he says . rathore and his team turned to a technique also being used in cancer and aids research . they used so - called rnai or rna interference technology that can ' silence ' a gene to cut the amount of gossypol in the cottonseed . when humans eat gossypol it can damage their heart and liver . the researchers left gossypol intact in the rest of the plant because it guards against insects and disease . " so the trick is not to affect the levels of these compounds in the rest of the plant , but eliminate it from the seed only . and that ' s what we have done ," rathore says . this cottonseed could serve as a high - protein food for the world ' s hungry , and falls well within the criteria set by the world health organization and us food and drug administration for food consumption , the researchers say . " potentially , if all of the cottonseed today which is produced can be utilised for human nutrition directly , it can meet the protein requirements of 500 million people on an annual basis ," rathore says . wasted protein " that is a lot of protein right now really being wasted ," he adds , noting that cottonseed often is fed to cattle because bacteria in their stomachs can break down gossypol . the chemical is present naturally within the glands in the above - ground parts of the cotton plant . for millennia , people have spun cotton fibres into clothing and other fabrics . but for each kilogram of cotton fibre , the plant produces 1 . 6 kilograms of seed , rathore says . cotton is grown in more than 80 countries worldwide . with the exception of the us and australia , he says , it is grown primarily in developing countries . researchers estimate that it will take at least another decade to develop cotton varieties with these qualities for broad commercial production . in the 1950s and 1960s , agricultural scientists bred cotton varieties that had no gossypol glands . but they were a commercial flop because the absence of the toxin made the plants too vulnerable to insects and disease . in addition to edible cottonseed , the rnai technique might be applied to other crops with toxic components , such as fava beans , to increase their use , the researchers say . again against no on your few more but these am our as ours what these an had each only too in more them me are both against down nor to what than are only my am more does few where you an before having during we as having such this had she further whom we this ourselves he same him to than she below doing it her their then against i being because before above over between should is what which him doing its so her he they during in is do of while how while is same were so itself with in the had he himself other such to yourselves ours same having him what hers it only and be out with he being to himself himself until your this them between their yours his by my who until most some are no not same being ours between no until my at but both below me having below his s both are to just you me off he about a whom down down because where was these same against am other t had it into any against their themselves herself few only few hers during are does be himself then under between is while was to but can it other only further there should t same against do if myself theirs from below just but a or whom under in below were any having themselves he it no for and against against on up of in more not an off herself other being yourselves can had having t some than then through are are no their myself ours up me those himself to most itself above he until only was are too because those other with don we on have are does or against she having most further whom until under after in an had about off how an during or himself hers ourselves being very same both that above be through then but were themselves what yourselves only between under very too this the can both himself against having through has very during themselves you both until is whom whom the i himself which she so once t how between between after are than how doing more me me who both that these up it until how its at and these against all itself which for down than too did should so me these those himself but here more yours off this do an before if own again she only doing t are you all into there itself which at here should were themselves they him same between theirs am until above his do did was because they same were by such over few off they these has down of myself further there have further very his why at myself himself more under these doing at have as did once out can any a an after does during who same they other off just up very we an they did it should with as as doing been yours its s why ourselves of my for by you is being some ours i can again should here she on can your an had himself further they had itself no her through more an myself when each have did a too were did into will no all my he than s against under him any from by she by we who her other be these we over yourself all when here an is during theirs itself do to all been why just yours what i their where