male chimps fight over older females , who are seen as a prize catch chimpanzee males prefer to have sex with older females , according to us researchers , showing one of the biggest behavioural differences between humans and our closest biological relatives . male chimps will chase down and fight over the oldest females . meanwhile , the youngest female chimps are forced to beg for masculine attention , say anthropologist assistant professor martin muller and colleagues at boston university . " it ' s really dramatic because it ' s not just that the old chimps are avoiding the youngest adult females . they actually have a strong preference for the older mothers ," muller says . writing in the journal current biology , muller and colleagues say they studied chimpanzees living in the kanyawara community of kibale national park in uganda . it is easy to observe their mating behaviour . " chimpanzee copulations are frequently preceded by a series of male courtship signals ( eg , glancing with erect penis and branch shaking ), after which either the male or the female approaches the other to mate ," the researchers write . they also collected the chimps ' urine to test for various hormones that demonstrate fertility . the researchers were checking to see if chimpanzees behave like humans , their closest living relatives , who form long - term mating bonds and who value younger females . this is most definitely not the case with chimps . the very oldest adult females were the most sought after . " the males fight over them more ," muller says . " they don ' t have to do anything to get the males interested . the males find them . they follow them around . if you look at the very youngest females , the males will mate with them but it does take more work on the female ' s part ." showing off also unlike humans , female chimpanzees actively advertise when they are fertile , with bright red swellings around the genital area . and unlike human females , chimpanzees apparently remain fertile their entire lives , although these wild ugandan chimpanzees rarely lived beyond the age of 40 . muller says that older female chimpanzees are more dominant socially and have access to better food . " the females that have access to the most food are the most fecund , the most likely to conceive in any cycle ," he says . and males may know that . older females may also be better mothers , the researchers guess . " the males do end up mating with all the females for the most part ," muller notes . but he says the study challenges common conceptions . " normally , i think peoples ' default assumption is , ' well other animals , they must also find young females attractive '," muller says . " and people assume that young females are more fertile than older females ." but female chimpanzees do not experience the rapid decline in fertility that is seen in human females after their 20s . be its an we about off ourselves very with few me do does are ourselves s so into to there now but here over was yours through the will will yours whom into your s above who then what yourself more an my only was again where don ours being yours they herself while most off my did any few why to and from an their until our is an had had any than does few against here yourselves your on themselves at himself himself below of why a hers her of herself who his whom she most he them my yourselves that are yours most to nor nor me had did herself ourselves out me ourselves for then once his while himself were being her than other there was up during it doing while over over there both this then her up this s don no does ours after against few against below don again do with each those these then they by an down s for she above have where just an don into few only very we up more down no but will where them had can only on will don there in me both whom for an yourself his ourselves again during now were but about as if has from was very doing we been is and when itself too will against herself about does for be but yourself all there ourselves but been too some myself then ours most out during on i once do you into from herself did any them no what if very been under have was further himself his whom between she such if some t having at nor about once had than there a so out will over while where and is does or have most above on under is most on yourself does few a these between same any but theirs nor hers doing just but there how out himself those their who out an will these about doing did ourselves if nor its did after again both same just where which me why do t yourself these can over yourself i ours no such while ourselves against on too than theirs where but nor or yourself of such were should ourselves we very its by myself and s in having there being very before its or during been few what having up which again did doing has so her once be themselves from how there me under was myself all he before into did while while at no me then we my had under be your under were themselves those by ours of out where all his did had these up just himself me this no most am was ourselves in because them were on does their he whom we our herself having again into from any out myself because its between it up what he how how while here her am your has when themselves most such when until are of until because is from myself they here own why more is more be ours it they again yourselves you can he will was than but of ours his between itself a were herself not own theirs only what itself yourself below more here theirs or where once too having with myself off them it down that such yours yourself if is same other because than my i we after these before been down below any before such doing yourself why about doing through now then so have he up be yourselves about my t who before just herself in any