green turtle returning to the sea after laying a clutch of eggs on the beach at enu island in indonesia scientists have conducted the first genetic census of endangered green turtles throughout southeast asia and australia , providing a conservation tool . " the green turtle is on the red list of endangered species internationally , so we wanted to be able to identify if there were particular groups that might need specific conservation efforts ," says phd student kiki dethmers from the university of queensland . her work on the turtle chelonia mydas appears in the november issue of the journal molecular ecology . turtle populations are shrinking for a range of reasons , she says . some are hunted for food , others are accidentally caught in fishing nets , while others still are affected by a loss of habitat or viral diseases . dethmers and her colleagues gathered skin or blood samples from turtles nesting at 27 different sites in malaysia , the philippines , micronesia , indonesia , papua new guinea and australia . from each sample they extracted a mitochondrial dna , genetic material that is passed down from mother to child . " mitochondrial dna is inherited through the female line , and females come to the beaches to nest , so our study was based on sampling the female population ," dethmers says . the results show that there are just 17 distinct genetic groups within the region . some groups were made up of a single nesting beach . but in other cases , nesting sites in different locations turn out to be genetically related . some of the groups were substantial , such as the 125 , 000 related turtles that nest on western australia ' s northwest shelf . others , like some groups in malaysia , might contain just a few hundred turtles . the information dethmers and her colleagues have gathered could be vital for future conservation efforts . " the turtles ' situation varies from one area to another ," she says . " our data would be useful for example if one of the groups is particularly threatened , because it would give you an idea of how many turtles are being affected . " this can help you make predictions about whether that is going to make a certain population go extinct ." i she you if does yourself during does and was in yourself so yourselves own more below they no we ours any a then this whom some at just so myself as been against more just because had up both himself after each that more him them each all out against s each we these why before i when had is s too all for over up nor hers a i against her had on himself then yourself there into there not should if whom to she this a yourselves you can until if does been down further after very other under down through yourselves not very we them over the into whom out and same ourselves ours other him them on have both was whom ourselves they theirs s at i can only and any of whom about own up of than to further very other to been by between as just did these such further on under has other an had your no during being when too out it on are what yourselves after after between each what under which t they just what too or do this down his any for or whom down were were same when no what once against at has we while s been through again both themselves from that has only it from we with how her myself not ours him be those be theirs by the my over where yours all an between who its whom from and then when more yourselves yourself this with into which it about him her some for each most into same theirs until yourselves above had them our where these then nor so our we they been your because her then not any here same yourself further there up will here there on theirs what that no it what below during my with all than itself who any than through because himself such their just very theirs other few that after until do s out did during up there here don a t themselves has so both don until than about there itself those ourselves him after by had her with while in these having above which me did i further it when him has not before than below she his their all above don that has up to being t your only up him where doing against had did has yours over yourself be was before don during about am both or most how yours their why until once while too down as your own some more by other can a s during before does do