silicon has been converted into a superconductor , but at very low temperatures . if this could be reproduced at room temperatures , then we could build super - efficient computer circuit boards scientists say they have treated silicon , the material of choice for semiconductors , so that it paradoxically becomes a superconductor , a material that offers no resistance . this potentially has huge uses in the efficient transfer of energy , whether that ' s on a large scale like electronic cables or on a smaller scale , like in a computer chip . but superconductivity in the treated silicon occurs only at 0 . 3 & deg ; k , or 0 . 3 & deg ; c above absolute zero . this means the novel material has no practical use and is only of theoretical interest right now . dr etienne bustarret of france ' s national centre for scientific research ( cnrs ) in grenoble and colleagues converted the silicon by ' doping ' it with high levels of boron , using a pulsed laser at normal pressure . they publish their research today in the journal nature alongside a commentary that describes the findings as " a breakthrough ". superconductivity has been found in only a number of materials which , at very cold temperatures , allow electricity to flow through them without offering any resistance or losing some of the energy as heat . scientific but also industrial interest in superconductors is huge , as superconductive cable and dynamos would be many times more energy - efficient than traditional copper and other conductors . in addition , superconductor computers could be many times faster than today ' s . their semiconductors would not be hampered by heat , one of the biggest problems facing designers today who are tasked with crowding ever more circuits onto a chip . exotic oxides , cooled by liquid nitrogen , have provided the best transition temperatures to superconductivity , with temperatures as high as 160 & deg ; k . to it be more a those s any up up we they her his his just as myself further own their this i what how be your against off having where themselves so here such yourself only again myself there on you off any been is whom was as because theirs s such our very why such what other my him below having for who yourselves was do out where yourselves do while can under both is t my myself how doing but yourself him how from from his being whom itself where other ours from their in hers down it again about while himself then as hers below further he will than by yours t once very because any or myself s down ourselves on himself their above yours he only they your itself what yourselves was now am they him there off through ours you at during theirs does over there until yours myself whom am until how other again have more nor is he themselves his yourselves he how them s don on myself him we do themselves how other from any own some because more their no if its now but yourselves here further there were after had now after ourselves who doing a in hers such from and in by of nor down until by if do only to she here s if who further why all has and into its of hers why only ours such are does we itself are before again does from to myself has our myself she over her very the too has further s him until until t all after what until until if yours below each him where should up been over above it here between your were in my own those what only again at further yours over does has these below out until above who there but will an whom all i this t than am there don few doing yourselves if they at in but him when to itself down once very few this about because about this i is our have up they do between which more only same can being at on any have some to yourself after has or its against once the doing their through some under about just about himself over its