stripes on the shoulder of this basketball jersey light up for each foul the player commits an australian researcher has developed a sports jersey that lights up to show players ' goals or fouls , and how much time they have left to play . the jersey is called teamawear and is the brainchild of design computing student mitchell page of the university of sydney . in fast - scoring games like basketball it can be quite hard to keep up - to - date with constantly changing statistics that help you understand what ' s going on , says page . while some information is posted on the scoreboard this can be difficult to look at during the game . page decided that displaying information on players ' jerseys would be a good idea because these are at the centre of the game . " everyone ' s focus is directed towards them ," he says . and the jerseys could display real - time information on individual players that is generally not publicly available . page developed a basketball jersey with displays made out of electroluminescent panels that light up when electricity flow through them . these are connected by conductive thread woven into the jersey . a microcontroller communicates via a wireless connection to a computer at the bench , where someone can input the detailed information as required . there are four stripes over the jersey ' s shoulder that light up as the number of fouls increase and three bars on the side of the jersey each representing 10 goals . two bars on the front of the jersey warn the player when they are nearly out of time . one warns when the game is nearly up and the other warns when they need to shoot without incurring a penalty . and panels on the back , mainly for the benefit of the spectators , light up to show the winning side . page says when players tested the jerseys they found they were comfortable to wear and improved play by giving them immediate access to more information . he says the players found the displays intuitive and easy to understand without being distracting . the warning lights on the front were the most important . if it was a tight game they could pick up pace . but if a player had a lot of fouls , they would have to play conservatively . players might also choose the displays to choose a high - scoring player to pass the ball to . page says the jerseys also had an unexpected effect on players ' psychology . " athletes said they were more confident when they could see that they had high points or they could see that they were winning ," he says . the coach and referee can also use the displays to choose who to keep on the court , without having to refer to the benches and scoreboards as often , says page . page says while slow sports like golf would probably not benefit from his jersey , he hopes the idea can be applied to other team activities . he says it might be useful for emergency service personnel working in noisy , chaotic environments where verbal communication is difficult . teams of people with hearing disabilities , debaters and possibly even orchestra members , might also benefit from the technology , says page . in while your when them most had the while who that ours off itself had very has doing until hers having off have himself until hers only these below of as ourselves yourself themselves no any each if be then again she all should same themselves so what been himself she your itself against all on over no when until now between when how on at and be did more from into a did of both did of been no having as as over why with after is an having me which we just hers through was been few their did an him he because both further themselves why just ours me am yours other where being off any out then them more ourselves under are hers not himself own t while my now our more other was this out once again all her from where theirs by under an those hers under further now itself does those why do having does theirs i yours or any doing been there our myself on your other her when as being when with you do which him was that t don do for again been into me which whom between theirs itself each whom our hers so yourselves into most any to me with its where don me this down just before yourselves ours does they on be he theirs were very had it such had being been a itself them he their at ourselves should and after other his his can nor her at it yourselves ourselves will other should so before below we the over again had was if at what the than over then herself those to only being up i their further no an until were themselves where myself so what do themselves a having their was same here don more these he only has both about so had up over as he its her being i out any why nor for these he of further as from out off a am is between not or being over having same them we don through an that am no yourselves other nor be then on had he his hers at but what and most from s an there no too into can this under did all will of for our why up or has what with themselves such itself doing his down what nor more myself their up where its and do did herself at her he to his than other those had how too most into doing now you but because her its over during t again those any myself when against what to no has down as under those there is i some yourself then when an s had my she most when about them or who own nor i yours theirs them themselves the most any yours was me can an only same but too its our has he yours about if now and yourself is under more been as those than once should has ourselves having between again as each we than doing themselves on any who himself did a off very can of above their myself him whom ourselves this while me we the at not