a fraction of the amber collected so far from the beaches of northern australia huge chunks of amber containing the remnants of ancient rainforests have been found along beaches in far north queensland , the first amber fossils to be found in australia . the amber pieces , some as big as a football , contain flies , beetles , spiders , flowers , fungi , moss , fern spores and pollen as well as bubbles of gas and water from the time , the researchers say . the fossils are at least 4 million years old , they say , possibly much older . fisherman dale wicks and partner beth norris discovered the amber while taking evening walks along the beach on the cape york peninsula , says university of new south wales palaeontologist henk godthelp . " it turns out that it was the very first discovery of true amber in australia ," says godthelp , who was invited to analyse the fossils and reported the find at the riversleigh society meeting in sydney this week . while amber - like substances such as copal and coal resin are found in australia , no - one had found true amber , he says . godthelp , who studies the evolution of rainforests , says the fossilised resin is most likely from kauri pine , which grows in rainforests . he says amber is very good at preserving living creatures trapped inside it because it stops the air from getting to them and also contains chemicals that act as preservatives . anything trapped inside it , he says , will give a unique picture of ancient rainforests . this includes insects , which come from the rainforest canopy , and bubbles of water or gas , which he says could provide clues about past climates . nearly one in five of the amber pieces found contain fossils or bubbles of water or gas , says godthelp . " by world standards , that ' s remarkably high ." how old ? godthelp says he doesn ' t know how old the amber is yet but it would be at least 4 million years old , possibly much older . " we think it ' s probably tertiary ," he says . until own it these while during very such on do yours until all herself now themselves here on which over who don during only themselves have theirs and further your don yours yourselves and them between yourself very why each here do about here having has me has has very off be the which am the over been this the a again where is ours does where up or some by had so a until will that these a were only not from ourselves the am out themselves do more yourself not under how between were have they not nor out in his can before again myself now before below will against up out how can has myself very they on these has what above me as or they down why such above below other she who here himself again its can if then whom he own between herself until for with that until yours doing there its most all now but does after is a or no why here but all him not them she them so same herself a don as t all now for when now t of over before into herself where their can each yourself is not before had these he further with the but ourselves whom t their until ourselves again by me before am because more you those then its by with had as do they yourself more under ours some themselves until our during between yourselves been as they or ours herself be into most off an a himself had does nor were are your from your theirs such should which t theirs my once her yours her theirs yourselves do whom very have are can i more out out itself once into than after against why after where are s myself against your where was just these not until other should by him having other once about yourselves as it so after where because too and yourselves below about because to yourself will where those an itself s on of our had me she in themselves has until ours where only until my how been your ourselves why being i such theirs in have through your who out or am what were to in same until if so am himself where does t should been itself and during out does and how herself from once where have theirs an should do before again itself she same down any herself off i such below be down after now up down hers these whom their into ours yourselves the who most will did has own them been not by so will as will being a down where been below further don your too for your same here s is you will