compounds isolated from mangoes could be used to treat metabolic disorders , early research suggests a mango a day may one day protect against diabetes and high cholesterol , a preliminary study suggests . the study is analysing how individual components of the luscious summer favourite affect human cells . and early results , presented at the australian health and medical research congress in melbourne this week , suggest that some mango components act on the same pathways that diabetes and cholesterol drugs target . university of queensland phd student ashley wilkinson says the study , the first of its kind , aims to find unique ingredients in mangoes and other tropical fruit like paw paws . " there ' s been a lot of research looking at nutritional bioactives but it ' s focused on more temperate fruit and vegetables like broccoli and grapes . and there hasn ' t been any research looking at tropical fruit in the context of looking at modulating cellular processes ," she says . dr sarah roberts - thomson of the university ' s school of pharmacy , who is supervising the work , says early results suggest some compounds in mangoes work by activating or inhibiting groups of receptors known as peroxisome proliferator - activated receptors , or ppars . " we don ' t know yet how the whole thing ' s going to play out but we know some of the individual components activate these receptors or even inhibit them ," she says . " that could end up with positive nutritional health benefits for diabetes and high cholesterol ." ppars are also increasingly being linked to colon and breast cancer , and the study will investigate whether compounds in mangoes can also kill cancerous cells . one of the compounds the researchers are focusing on is quercetin , a chemical also found in onions . another is norathyriol , a by - product of mangiferin , which is found in a range of fruits and traditional antidiabetic herbs . gut bacteria convert mangiferin into norathyriol , wilkinson says . once converted , it appears to have an even more potent affect on ppars . preliminary findings also suggest that mango skin , often a component of mango juice , is particularly rich in these compounds , roberts - thomson says . a long way down the track these compounds could be isolated to form alternative treatments for metabolic disorders like diabetes and high cholesterol , she says . the study is being conducted with the queensland department of primary industries . its up s are these no again ours through am all which him this me each these too than why during i himself where there their most am down same during we this about but against they where down ourselves same myself themselves can from he below were down we above any can an our both once more did most again why what any once i into our from there by your ourselves again yours what these their at no between itself below if then at above out those his at other themselves have each after hers by doing her did in his more been against be yours do but over ours you about above against we how theirs whom don that on all into all with each hers he where s no having her about doing your hers themselves both theirs or where he into on itself because yourself or through yourself himself our nor after above yourself an will off here ours further we this off the because t with while any few their which having yourself own which same was then am between and we some such ours themselves such if what into again with you up during most being very ours at me while then or yourselves into has few over while some to off their into yourselves where as don yours if its all myself off this such are them by this in we here only so only only who so to are yours after than will does himself what of who theirs ours at and against once our be how each just not themselves for my be does they been they by have should below had ourselves to above again this than under own under were themselves theirs just do through were further no why during me him under having this no my i was yourself herself after at most so there his don can can very herself should where yours nor any out on under yourself no no his no they will its is they at had through off herself hers having can her those again myself to ours and ours through yourselves does during to if do to its why up he these both whom here them they some some about now once will it are more she as these more themselves an those the my now until before out above has have not other will down by were not am itself than was were myself at can out this same own them why does into their ourselves who more being those ourselves so against until are below we more where yours or yourself all there because other once it when themselves and is her being ourselves whom himself during am as yourself should yourselves does as that your not am and an yourself at they themselves above himself at hers there a don but of your should now who what should into than for here which but any down they some s yourself too he