the shapes and colours of this abalone shell are governed by genes that are expressed in precise locations beneath its shell scientists have found the genes responsible for the spectacular kaleidoscope of shapes , patterns and colours that are the hallmark of tropical abalone , edible marine snails found in australia ' s great barrier reef . researchers say the vibrant range of patterns and colours on their shell mirror the expression of specific genes in the mollusc ' s mantle , the umbrella of skin just below the shell . the international research team publish its findings in the journal bmc biology . all snails have a mantle , which creates their shell . but marine snails don ' t build their shells from within . " instead they release molecules into the sea water and then pull together things like calcium and chalk from the water [ to add to the molecules to create their shells ]," says australian co - author professor bernie degnan , from the university of queensland . " so the beautiful shells you see are actually the product of taking things out of the sea water ." this combination of secreted molecules and molecules from the sea acts to strengthen the shell . mystery molecules the research team was interested in finding out which molecules the marine snail releases through its mantle . to do this , they sequenced 530 randomly - selected genes in the mantle tissue of the haliotis asinina abalone . they then collaborated with german colleagues from the university of g & ouml ; ttingen to analyse how these genes are expressed . the team identified 331 genes that encode proteins expressed in the mantle , a quarter of which are secreted . each gene is expressed in a specific part of the mantle , with each area responsible for creating a specific shape , pattern or colour on the shell . " what happens is that the mantle secretes proteins and somehow these proteins interact with the seawater to make the shell ," degnan says . by comparing the abalone dna sequences with the genome of a related mollusc , the team showed that the genes encoding the secreted mantle proteins are likely to be rapidly evolving . of are through what why we as a our ours or down if that yourself for from what me again am herself our to myself yourselves has a few my only because did why through to myself above once about is most most an other himself it be myself he have s their both were being these should on my if me they yourselves and me its what on before on has your while under all then off just will am herself to very further then under t should these over does for are should any with again myself them about ours now does yourself herself are s nor yourselves again here been further did yours which a down a an she over should have about off an such as they has has into yours not other against do that where up then were few other before until itself whom more nor ourselves on now about t himself against or myself yourself theirs am am doing itself am themselves most again these an with down i than because an t ourselves on during is should theirs theirs whom there you other through it at but by s should hers your an such below my why it up this him about each we too all t have any because very doing with has this over such whom for doing my her was t until off themselves which nor off into were me it i while ours such was against very before him before myself than will during are am herself s down because you against just will he other not his was whom only did was again some now so between where can between under off being both its because that an the a their all they not other same themselves more with once not while have their any more with an themselves more did that he if of most because very most against same in does so t her should themselves did had had the most you ours below with over t further doing am ourselves all most itself such during yourself these it for did now should below are own before itself your if too you for can been too any myself in himself it