honey bees stick out their proboscis when they smell explosives . so could they do sniffer dogs out of a job ? bees have been trained to sniff out explosives in a project scientists say could have far - reaching applications for security and the iraq war . scientists at a us weapons laboratory say they trained honey bees to stick out their proboscis , the tube they use to feed on nectar , when they smell explosives in anything from cars and roadside bombs to belts similar to those used by suicide bombers . researchers at the los alamos national laboratory have dubbed their research the stealthy insect sensor project . they trained bees to recognise substances by exposing them to the odour of explosives followed by a sugar water reward . among the substances they can sniff are dynamite and c - 4 plastic explosives to the howitzer propellant grains used in improvised explosive devices in iraq . " when bees detect the presence of explosives , they simply stick their proboscis out ," says research scientist tim haarmann . " you don ' t have to be an expert in animal behaviour to understand it as there is no ambiguity ." the findings followed 18 months of research at the los alamos facility , the nation ' s leading nuclear weapons laboratory . " we are very excited at the success of our research as it could have far - reaching implications for both defence and homeland security ," haarmann says . while scientists have trained wasps to respond to the trace of explosives , haarmann says research with bees appeared to show more promise . haarmann says the bees could be carried in hand - held detectors the size of a shoe box , and could be used to sniff out explosives in airports , roadside security checks , or even placed in robot bomb disposal equipment . he says the next step would be to manufacture the bee boxes and train security guards in their use . " it would be great to start saving some lives with this ," he says . its him while just out yours but between theirs yourself can after i by is has below some what against me by can from further that there they he have were this don very any yourself a be any the where having those s during are can some each very if if don does any who i such itself before off do with an been until now is can his don they you but no in she myself where these what until she ours and me who they they while this too each it me nor nor be against it t for do what and so itself how have and does yours off too had if ours a himself against out there or if such very theirs are each that not i again your there such while same to themselves am himself if should just had were up out do ours under before myself own after now before that you with its yourself some how how are then i yourselves have what above the why does under doing on why himself there they than all at once if again i whom did such herself why until is being further have about itself other why through should any if their it once than their these be being before no above can your no again until an nor between being is more itself which these them can them down for a that below themselves was same own here we has now too or why not will up nor being as the what under me out other had him how from it until again more other are her few the any each at more both them now few don by how herself any you or so about to where there until should when do herself who has further because ourselves them its it we i very as the because just what the same from themselves our those from by be he then what this above theirs once with their you out can for ourselves on to had itself have or some just during now very all very she in are i then been they myself her and on during had down in between each our we theirs for