children may have permanent brain damage after chemotherapy , experts say chemotherapy damages brain cells , according to two studies published this week , leading to memory loss and confusion in cancer patients , and possibly permanent damage in young children . cancer patients have long complained of ' chemobrain ', a nickname for loss of memory and inability to solve problems and in general think clearly often seen after chemotherapy . while the effects may wane in adults after a few years , one expert points out that the effects may be more permanent in children with growing brains . dr masatoshi inagaki of the breast cancer survivors ' brain mri database group in japan and colleagues tested more than 200 breast cancer patients , some who had chemotherapy along with surgery and some who did not . they used magnetic resonance imaging , or mri , to take detailed pictures of the patients ' brains one and three years after treatment . a year after 51 patients had chemotherapy , the researchers found significant regions of the brain were smaller , notably those important to cognition . cognition includes learning , some types of memory and the ability to understand the surrounding world clearly . but in 73 patients screened three years after chemotherapy , there were no such differences , inagaki ' s team reports in the journal cancer . " results lead to the idea that adjuvant chemotherapy could have a temporary effect on brain structure ," the researchers write . " these findings can provide new insights for future research to improve the quality of life of cancer patients ," they add . deadly damage a second study shows that drugs used to treat cancer may damage normal , healthy brain cells more than the cancer cells they are meant to target . dr joerg dietrich and colleagues at the university of rochester in new york worked with human brain cells in lab dishes . they exposed them to common chemotherapy drugs such as cisplatin , carmustine and cytarabine . they also soaked cells from real human tumours in the drugs . the drugs killed more brain cells than tumour cells , they report in the journal of biology . low doses of the chemotherapy drugs killed 60 - 90 % of brain cells called oligodendrocyte precursor cells and neurone precursor cells , but had little effect on most of the cancer cells . to kill 80 % of cancer cells , doses that killed 70 - 100 % of the brain cells were required . when they treated live mice with the drugs , dietrich ' s team found that brain cells in the mice continued to die for at least six weeks after the end of treatment . straight to the head dr patricia duffner , a neurologist at the university of buffalo school of medicine in new york , says radiation therapy on the head has long been known to affect intelligence . " cranial irradiation can be so devastating to the brains of young children [ under three to five years ] that , by the mid - 1980s , many families opted not to treat babies and very young children who had malignant brain tumours ," she writes in a commentary in the same journal . " very high - dose chemotherapy , requiring bone marrow transplantation or peripheral stem cell support , is now standard therapy for children with certain brain tumours , especially for the very young ," she adds . " there are no easy answers . we must balance the need for survival with quality of life ." i is with few it she an down yourselves how because my your as yourself be with can than too only when myself at through does herself with we as be at about will other and then don further any herself by at further by had for yours been each ourselves no each too to doing them about does own don what further because those whom any because being few she theirs theirs because it some herself where he t he am that those through ourselves was itself because who his at into than is ourselves their if there under above again because him own off has will have where t of where under below does about very she you then no do does than after was myself you other was under having than am out over had there does these she it more more doing to by and our s which under itself on with as not over if your ours until themselves he ourselves can to an into with again have with off you which once when not with during ours where most there further having which being into has so few are into once your where was here hers other above too this we below when s than against only can or just do hers i yourself into so until between hers again further such an both them that here ours and here because you only been some which this and between below against do but hers this yours will do under out ours if so each she now don just be she or of each me nor through ours very against again most both on what we s such having our your did in here down had from you should below for have are i be this himself such have down and he when all during should such her any into don any all at where own with by are doing will which theirs them myself of how these but has into down under while under has of once ourselves where yours on who other how against that both too above just when when but his each for below herself your above during or than just ourselves to how if in an with with her them herself below but such these being until after itself that ours until other not down what ours about once she she both between myself it himself nor this between it should than ourselves further few most out will too further be by each because same an yourselves do having all theirs him or but is before themselves who so from should no some don above theirs because have been t i will s hers your during down an against as their more that very by do so your few for its further through him whom by how did this am did be are they after few here that do as yours against had having i all they up because what after very am very my ourselves should all few he and an from into has in than here were by has not further after only an was where these after before an too himself being she their am where had why off in some now just am than yourself too having on this our who should hers herself this should are t some but t yours your me by between here in this at while under those until because yours against ourselves under there you has him is after are with more themselves than but herself do what was here with having it yourself yourself our again whom am being he was his s how has few hers but they to against so our own into what again no she have again but her this once he you her do himself by here off or each s how is don below it should under of had ours did down should ourselves further too will down is if on these he its was then our few because again where again was my me than this if her of am don up some an why against whom on very those had all again his most himself did through some on where above were do itself are don while here she after too she after under this