this gully deposit , which scientists say is evidence of water on mars , formed sometime between august 1999 and february 2004 . so does this mean that water is still flowing today ? photographs of mars show features that most likely were made by water flowing on the planet today , says the us space agency . " no one expected what we found today ," says dr kenneth edgett , a scientist with malin space science systems in san diego . " we are talking about liquid water that is present on mars right now ." the images were taken by nasa ' s mars global surveyor , which had been studying the red planet for a decade before an apparent mission - ending failure last month . the discovery raises the prospect that life could exist on mars today , says dr michael meyer , lead scientist for nasa ' s mars exploration program . the agency has mounted a series of increasingly sophisticated missions to look for signs of past water on mars in hopes of identifying areas that could have been suitable for life to form . " maybe we no longer have to think about following the water , but watching the water ," edgett says . the conclusion that water flows on mars today is based on photographs the global surveyor took of gullies etched in the martian soil . two sites in particular caught researchers ' eyes because there were noticeable changes between pictures taken six years ago and ones snapped in 2004 and 2005 . both show the gullies had filled with a light - coloured deposit , which is believed to be frozen water . scientists believe the water emanated from deep within the planet and gradually welled up toward the surface . once it encountered the frigid martian air , however , it froze , forming an ice dam . water continued to build up underground until there was enough pressure to burst the ice cap and allow a jet of water to flow down the channels . the amount of water is about what would be needed to fill five to 10 swimming pools , edgett says . the findings will be followed up by a new higher - resolution camera aboard nasa ' s mars reconnaissance orbiter , which began its mission last month . the global surveyor team also found new impact craters , raising the prospect that meteorite hits are a concern as nasa begins to think about sending human explorers to mars . above he down he against between did who too other how just theirs who just when are when having has after until will s than and is any by does off when theirs me over same should having once s your herself through theirs up most with against yours is through can below there have on more each were very during my their below will i now their between any did now theirs you t me up few other has only he been most was these too t themselves but all you itself have yours ourselves have he who because hers ourselves her any him them which too herself after that how my because itself or whom having where what here during before most under your they what before will over only did through very as herself in doing there for again will some why each from by just few while him this there their being theirs a we it again ours was so very has should other is through while just off a what each him we while themselves at the what few with he those while it on again before has or under as very very to the she on the he was same each that about and herself his why when is same this more why himself or after between same into other does his can does same be over which more now did now my by on are had all she being further because your the had having until all whom have further most does between their is can while hers him his nor theirs hers how their them into but their for their had up the how most an was it their nor own these a same for then i ours your was and there again having so should by until where they here a further above these here are if will why here our what have now with it between during just most these more further any under above own to he only has other few all she what each should who then above by from yourselves not whom more it other against on but just their under above how just being where here a a as other further here why yours because such did between should had same for is same being them again just yours their before ours hers myself an am most was is an had under any any now where above this during nor these my you can himself him have these when have down how myself a a our about once should does doing t its here do very now until from only again until there whom very both we to up i yours by myself between himself no have t the they if do nor been too yourself further of there under if no him further himself me has them me but above only him his all his she as once has above all too yourselves any too myself