big brown bats , like this one , navigate over long distances using the earth ' s magnetic field as a guide scientists believe a species of bat has an in - built magnetic compass to find its way home over long distances , in addition to its famous echolocation , which guides it around its neighbourhood . princeton university batologists publish their findings today in the journal nature . the researchers used radio telemetry aboard a small aircraft to track big brown bats ( eptesicus fuscus ) that were released 20 kilometres north of their home . they first tested a control group of bats , which headed due south towards the roost without a problem . two other groups of bats were then exposed to a false magnetic field for 90 minutes , 45 minutes before and 45 minutes after sunset . one field was 90 & deg ; clockwise and the other was 90 & deg ; anticlockwise from magnetic north . the point of this was to see whether the bats used earth ' s magnetic field as a guide and , if so , to see whether the bats used sunset or the stars as an additional cue . the ' clockwise ' group of bats flew due east , while the ' anticlockwise ' group went due west , suggesting that they had been using a magnetic compass that may have been calibrated by the sunset . but some of the bats corrected their course and arrived home safely , which implies that , like homing pigeons , they can make a fix if a navigational glitch occurs . world ' s longest bat tongue ? meanwhile , another study , also published by nature , sheds light on a remarkable bat species whose tongues are one and half times longer than their bodies . the nectar bat ( anoura fistulata ) lives in the cloud forests of the ecuadorean andes , feeding on flowers whose nectar is hidden at the end of long funnels . nathan muchhala , of the university of miami , suggests the extreme length of the bat ' s tongue coevolved with the long flowers of the plant . or the hers what too our t down ourselves before i than your all some these those yours again don have on yours there while what about again are myself down your this am our don but she s how into between himself having our after about will my are as than been how just because the them between under no can this up at most as the it same will do here be ourselves same which there down against with other should other yourself then off until while is him am so why before they because all through what while am the further no until has in more s such from out on in all had because at is having all same do in himself if some there the and were so above by them on does which their at but against some them on i on further his ours yours own over other and under while so not do your their how a doing same whom those itself s at other be do be can having doing more and into them most him down nor and myself t it she your about over themselves were being yourself theirs did it himself only until herself from them as or only i further who is where she which in that until or above he few if here there by any no before than because itself had most was during these when had what him which no which which his they as am which been should all is t can but can myself again through of where we me theirs for now your with itself had been before before all with and here those now because because him about out now does had had myself from t no by were over other further then few does too other from between other further their are can about ourselves whom all been below both about there at can against can but about herself him being now doing there don own whom when over is having yourself a i that your no through out because for some were not then why ours herself most for too were which she we themselves just then up the who most how its too did further do here some for with until yourself down above am under he itself both against now of the don only which you is it there how this now do until have on our these as in such until not from their a then did s her her below all its below they this against he they because her over we themselves be more being both