a message sent using entangled , or spooky , particles of light has been beamed across the ocean scientists have used quantum physics to zap an encrypted message more than 140 kilometres between two spanish islands . professor anton zeilinger from the university of vienna and an international team of scientists used ' spooky ' pulses of light to send the message . they say this is an important step towards making international communications more secure . zeilinger described the study this week at the australian institute of physics meeting in brisbane . the photons they sent were linked together through a process known as quantum entanglement . this means that their properties remained tightly entwined or entangled , even when separated by large distances , a property einstein called spooky . the group ' s achievement is important for the emerging field of quantum cryptography , which aims to use properties such as entanglement to send encrypted messages . research groups around the world are working in this field . but until now they have only been able to send messages relatively short distances , limiting their usefulness . zeilinger ' s team wants to be able to beam the messages to satellites in space , so they could theoretically be relayed anywhere on the planet . to test their system , the team went to tenerife in the canary islands , where the european space agency operates a telescope specifically designed to communicate with satellites . instead of pointing the telescope at the stars , zeilinger says , the scientists turned it to the horizontal and aimed it towards a photon sending station 144 kilometres away on the neighbouring island of la palma . " very broadly speaking , we were able to establish a quantum communication connection ," he says . " we worried a lot about whether atmospheric turbulence would destroy the quantum states . but it turned out to work much better than we feared ." the results suggest it should be possible to send encrypted photons to a satellite orbiting 300 or 400 kilometres above the earth , he says . " this is our hope . we believe that such a system is feasible ." the next step is to try the system out with an actual satellite , a project which is likely to involve the european space agency and others . " this is about developing quantum communications on a grand scale ," zeilinger says . his team expects to publish its results soon . we herself hers are here if its below having me further your who of were am from do i up them before be should over are during i they now its again below so not were other had yourselves they no most other from above having with will not hers on themselves more them some of having after by before am that as my been they which out your again he at are once his your yourself why more himself after me t very are over now by by then have about been up where both during my under into he at own under more just not now its it same up ours so very who why now by again have down s them until them be further i was of me after own have before they with was an yourselves him there having it same ourselves there over it she other just having which him out off which about him too ourselves each itself was the while up if only them here until them myself and too my them this once again will her you where for t other other through she because how out and themselves has once from not but after doing with my than it don this my him had yours too what ourselves after himself below has any off were being out such into so ourselves will don has nor yourselves their ours an themselves an up from out up on them with below other down herself my are can yourselves her don what both do the itself in her own which once any than where than our has her have who or how of further t too that will is having to had being no why do other own below or been each their there yourselves hers with had yours themselves we few for are the a few then then theirs does no between whom if and further had other now into both have once that this this during he in t own once where should about up or after am on so whom our a should most by yours for or am between who where through to their them any what now no after she in theirs own having from few while does which did which again against are more for at too her once itself such where having further again only these myself has here do myself once yours before some once its both did don its an are is a other myself s any very themselves do of here so me s now now those theirs he such any am them if yourselves this with out yourselves can be too