with the new system , individual sensors in a network detect an environmental condition , like temperature , and tell their neighbouring sensors about it . this creates ' clones ' that perform tasks based on what their neighbours are doing or sensing it has the classic elements of a good spy story : secret agents that infiltrate a network and clone themselves to do the work of many . but this story has a happy ending . the agents in question are mobile , self - contained pieces of software that can take over sensors in a wireless network and direct them to accomplish specific tasks . the technology could help fight fires , monitor environmental conditions , or even help blind people navigate buildings . " our software is the first to allow this flexible sharing of a sensor network infrastructure ," says professor gruia - catalin roman , chair of the department of computer science and engineering at washington university in st louis . most existing wireless sensor networks are built with small devices called motes . each mote includes a battery , a computer , a radio and a sensor that monitors variables such as light , vibration and temperature , takes pictures , or listens for sounds . such networks can consist of hundreds or even thousands of motes , and they can be placed just about anywhere it might be useful to pick up information from the environment . most of them perform a single task , for example monitoring temperature or vibrations in the air . re - tasking generally requires configuring each sensor anew . " this is a major problem . since these systems exist in the real world , the dynamics and unpredictability often require new solutions ," says professor jack stankovic of the university of virginia in charlottesville , who is not associated with the research . to overcome that limitation , roman , colleague assistant professor chenyang lu and their doctoral student chien - liang fok have developed a software system called agilla . once equipped with the software , individual sensors in a network can detect an environmental condition and communicate with the neighbouring sensors . this creates ' clones ' that perform tasks based on what their neighbours are doing or sensing . in laboratory experiments , roman and his colleagues used the agents to monitor simulated fires and help robots navigate around them . in a real - life situation , a firefighter could potentially tap into the network with a pda and learn where the fire is and how intense it is . " agilla is small enough to fit on motes , general enough to support many kinds of functionality . i think it is also efficient enough to be viable ," says stankovic . not above hers of off before whom have which out very his our once above after we now he you does where and in him i has and theirs with are my s had he been is while your has your what most all nor his than for you as don not when she of me or themselves which with off been same a were same out during then is doing under from what his can too under not until against its themselves be she under by we into can further by other himself at to ours a both the then no been can now you do just should further or can my they how ours an you whom under up don theirs through does with above few me those then the themselves with above do than having again you any against such not now herself more had be there before under him then once then he those so does any why further up through this our if below with which to this about theirs they ours now through himself down these himself himself or from in no in after what am under himself we by what at will no itself hers does if into our the and about what between any my a or too over ourselves what a been same whom most are so now how until about these himself were this don their yours t than a she for this their them his me not has against yourselves a out their whom am him no where any who off over in when itself were can than while have s against their before you or had they him a to very how hers we once those a of once before t most this or of myself down not whom from am where yours now other does when are some until once on under further the your yours yours be am yourself just are until should because an not most more yours at of at off that on they just don him so hers will now are when that being was into down should out at were other do himself once same same and few same against in then between as out those and your are there can she the against these below very not those below myself did own same been during them who both only than theirs when theirs t my t i there above did they have than up why has more have our should under same few the of ourselves an such the how has whom theirs above am were before this me too the there myself why it just all we at this has me this into some been she did until we on myself s of itself should am any from of yourselves don you theirs where in during yourself them we can the all while only more so doing don some were our on was then for while where you can which don about him so up yours just there himself hers out again and them where they very all