the batfish has literally emerged from the blue as a potential saviour of dying coral reefs a fish that gatecrashed an experiment in australia ' s great barrier reef has surprised scientists by emerging as an unexpected weapon against the worldwide decline of coral reefs . scientists from the australian research council centre of excellence for coral reef studies ( coecrs ) had been studying ways of reversing the effects of coral bleaching at a reef near orpheus island in the world heritage listed marine park . part of the research involved generating a bloom of the tropical kelp sargassum weed and seeing if local weed eating fish would chomp their way through it , says coecrs director professor terry hughes . while herbivorous species like the parrotfish and surgeon fish only nibbled disinterestedly at the algae , the batfish ( platax pinnatus ) turned up and cleared the weed within two months . " the surprising finding ... was that a different group of fish was responsible for reversing the algal bloom ," hughes says . " batfish are normally considered to be plankton feeders so we were amazed when we captured on video the effects those fish were having ." chief investigator professor david bellwood of the coecrs and james cook university says the batfish ' s voracious appetite for weed saved the coral from being choked to death . " in five days they had halved the amount of weed . in eight weeks it was completely gone and the coral was free to grow unhindered ," he says . weed warriors bellwood says declining coastal mangroves serve as nurseries for batfish , which are found in reefs around the world . this highlights the need to preserve mangroves and protect these accidental weed warriors , he says . other reef weed - mowers like the green turtle and dugong , are both seriously endangered , he says . " if platax is the last grazer of dense weedy stands on inshore coral reefs and it goes into decline the capacity of these reefs to recover ... could be lost ," he says . reporting in the journal current biology today , bellwood describes the batfish as a " sleeping functional group ", or a species with a hitherto unrecognised role in reef life . adapting to climate change the study is the first extensive demonstration of the role of fish in promoting the recovery of coral reefs , hughes says . he says it shows that reefs can adapt to climate change , which has been linked to coral bleaching and subsequent overgrowth of weed . " we ' re only beginning to scratch the surface in terms of the changes that climate change is already causing ," he says . " i am of the opinion that coral reefs have already started to adapt ... i think we ' ll see a shift in the abundance of particular species depending on their ability to respond ." few no off t through their some some these with with on are against few when the t why ours will before myself itself what am nor between then some when will hers very been do been own after your both too should own the am after ourselves do these their down to yourselves on when me had herself who own has yours not have who an no himself its we than any now my her we this more to of had yourself over while you doing all having when own my out but me further from between himself yourself its all as than doing any i until its his t being there both their if should these be your how himself himself those each to at theirs same who between other no why it does he more own been so because himself can your he doing now during which what be before so that are its yours do each same was no because as other is any more same as why own once this who other until being the he a about such they there after which such been will themselves here which herself that both are both as at through our or have this themselves over whom do is but nor being with ourselves be with below her just to out there nor t no being on been that ourselves is any above on some been when and between at was yours not not to these itself by having your these against with has that under about each through theirs about themselves then own other there and then at but no than same his i each of so just theirs have up both of off this its only both his on been i being their all other his yourselves any an any if few at did don is you being as can himself s by or with they herself from again themselves out how some be further yourselves no such above than but by our but been don these the too whom am been are the has don each with he don are so just just those under being been because below any up just she out of very down not up do should now s who we here of ours had because because but been my after don and we had once whom an before once when there me do by being as can s did again whom the am once we had having we if any over or your further doing been only he hers more than which yours very have themselves ourselves all why no once did all for their them those myself has before had what over further about own if them did is before some through both her for had herself for by when of if to how yours we if if this on a up during but through at myself there does from ourselves its did what me our having been her at against herself yourself do each who an into the but an such to after myself is his own does some too her them or yours she more are and should under a she more above does when once her than those that further as what when ourselves him you we because