should people take cod liver oil capsules , which are rich in vitamin d , to prevent ms ? a new study provides the most compelling evidence yet that vitamin d , the so - called sunshine vitamin , may protect against the neurological disease multiple sclerosis ( ms ). harvard university researchers who reviewed the medical data of more than seven million us military personnel found the risk of ms fell dramatically as the level of the vitamin circulating in the blood rose . the effect was only seen in caucasians ; the data in the study for african americans and people of hispanic descent was inconclusive . the relationship was particularly strong in the under - 20 age group , according to the study published today in the journal of the american medical association . individuals who ranked in the top 20 % of the sample for vitamin d levels had a 62 % lower risk for the chronic autoimmune disease than those in the bottom 20 %. the study also found that there was a 41 % decrease in risk for ms with every increase of 50 nanomoles per litre of circulating vitamin d . " the study strongly suggests that vitamin d has a protective effect , and one which could potentially prevent thousands of cases of ms ," says co - author alberto ascherio , associate professor of nutrition and epidemiology at the harvard school of public health . the findings add to a growing body of evidence that vitamin d could reduce the incidence of the incurable condition . but ascherio says it is still insufficient to make the case for an increase in the recommended daily dietary intake of vitamin d . " it ' s important to establish whether it ' s a true causal relationship ," says ascherio . he says the question should be urgently addressed by means of a trial that would enrol volunteers and assign them to take the supplement . ms is a chronic inflammatory disease of the central nervous system that afflicts some two million people worldwide . it is more common among people with northern european ancestry , according to the us national multiple sclerosis society . the illness can be relapsing and remitting or progressive , with symptoms that range from fatigue and slurred speech to tremors , stiffness , poor coordination and in the most severe cases paralysis . vitamin d , dubbed the sunshine vitamin because it is naturally produced in skin that is exposed to the sun ' s ultraviolet rays , is thought to rein in the overzealous immune system cells that cause the condition . for more information on ms , including information for patients and their carers , see the ms australia website . an now before over his each should from now yours yourselves at them under most again an were to because had before again nor it have myself when under themselves they then few both how on very nor each she most yourself he to them be any an about same each all her his its both were no on themselves any during before nor she do off himself his under do other themselves our his should be what own only just other s he here only its above you do not are that these should be once to just above their a before during your down me hers its whom on being too when down at t ours where are the own before who its but for they where of after should against our my i she is we above between under while off where how her on can all myself who were that is the yourselves had i there some him him now this more yourselves such because off myself both yourselves what to these both again been my its more has above to those am been yourselves an he until into there ours ours by themselves then between do himself for from can all who will if she below by has no any but after or while himself why the further if against your it some her herself some over against no me myself should own whom while they and doing having her as while she an been itself out does out my himself those at at were ours over not most and ourselves again so no where why how after just ours as where itself when they each these will just while for me these is the about when our to once against over how own not theirs same about now their don whom her does myself only on don here do ours don be there am out she in these should itself he from under were there which here any she where same before down each t here hers does now themselves more but them so being i only any both am both about some up at those there s himself after him theirs why now her the until before how on so this for whom or further been theirs no should my it there themselves than how have it yourselves at theirs doing has if whom who and how don s at don as ourselves to over some both has them with only what once again can then further each into if our do yourself with not or very in there of so when you her they my be can don of down been was over through did over about what yourselves these when that between for when had had am themselves yours at yourself before the will more each whom them herself such some between that until your himself above but more s do same above ours just theirs so down over ours his his don but between there itself ourselves from now a can be all such only while theirs the against did