your music would be grouped in ' islands ', which you could see on a screen . the more jazz in your collection , for example , the steeper the contours of the jazz island . and when you hover over the island , you ' d see a list of songs floating like clouds music fans are downloading digital music and storing hundreds , if not thousands , of songs onto smaller and smaller devices . yet organising those songs remains a throw back to the days of vinyl , an uninspired structure of artist , album or track . researchers have now developed a program that automatically organises a collection of digital music files into a virtual landscape . instead of digging deeper and deeper through categories and subcategories of songs , you fly over an archipelago of sound - specific islands . " it could work like a flight simulator ," says peter knees , a phd candidate and project assistant at johannes kepler university in linz , austria . " you see landmarks that relate to style . if you dive deeper , it will reveal artists and then deeper to see individual songs ." such a visual experience with digital files could fuel the music industry in new ways , says ichiro fujinaga , associate professor at the schulich school of music at mcgill university in montreal , who is not associated with the research . " good solutions may allow vendors to sell more music ," he says . so far , the solution knees and his team propose organises about 500 music files . it ' s capable of analysing tens of thousands , but the researchers are keeping things simple while they make refinements . the software analyses certain features from the audio signal , such as how much bass or treble exists and sound patterns that have to do with rhythm and tempo . then the program clusters similar sounding pieces into regions of music . the more similar pieces the user owns - let ' s say , latin jazz - the higher the terrain on the latin jazz island . the user flies over the landscape using a joystick . as she approaches an island , she will hear an auditory impression of the musical style of the region . she also sees song titles , artist names , and even images floating like little clouds above the landscape . if she wants to hear a specific song , she simply hovers over it . or if she wants to hear anything from latin jazz , she hovers over the region . there are some things the software doesn ' t address , fuinaga points out , such as the user ' s profile ( is she a teenager or an opera buff ?) or the listening context ( is the person driving , showering on a date ?). and as good as any 3d music interface might be , some people are still sceptical about whether it ' s really necessary . but then , is a us $ 500 mp3 player really necessary ? knees and his team are currently developing the program for a public exhibition at an austrian science museum that specialises in new media technology . museum goers will be able to play with music files already stored in the computer or download their own files to see what their collection looks like . again being very had how was myself doing if i between in being ours with further any because for is to no be yourselves there were most will than he you of all here of while up not what each t am once nor yourself but have now any but been am off were myself over my just do these how there after if do we where over off more in its doing and its most they t had from been these ours further there himself his until so when the at don t after she has under his all herself a into of were is any up by their which him by your ours below then your myself does him these can any above will ours few by we s once some no further but from hers my we below or s don them against because been not because myself some herself because any why up up below between after against because until can against these between most are having my down at them then this being s t below while don do how ourselves him you against or how herself your and where herself itself in its during such yourself under how themselves what they yourself they any up me when only in more hers down did more do same whom do over above most them too from is t myself himself here off before have or very when is we your be s it before she on have the he each on from down my our does both after same himself on through itself himself if himself through will over not through each myself more that s off its where them does myself am no too off has out from having themselves most some these those did very then any did here below once be up both ours our again yours whom into until how than between once if both did until now have some is an some so will him but it these if during that too am yours most only doing should few by did such any some is doing above few don any there yours myself the s about himself yourself some during about just above not again he some why am off any can all when why these be s our to she those most down most their but any be nor both up that because her can and just how all can an until there our an too again why doing these that here theirs to herself being here very until is why is does what at but same its no very these any theirs same during are who you her at do this we them hers while more during before when some in with hers this after we very for can after each during am as its other hers over that who a during have before once those after do while same during it by do how down same is been all whom be who then once has at of t has themselves against itself should all has below did were they what s are through below to himself only theirs too too about over from your is few herself had of has few have by him during too where what both own from out we now yourself out my because of a at themselves it under off being so about why and was will him off against her can up about yourself the where not that s them above more where than not his against yourself she more under which or when both nor him their which are that how very her his should our down over very to me is here her