this komodo dragon was a ' virgin birth ' at london zoo recently . another batch is expected at chester zoo this christmas flora , a pregnant komodo dragon living in a uk zoo , is expecting eight babies in what scientists say could be a christmas virgin birth . flora has never mated , or even mixed , with a male dragon , and fertilised all the eggs herself , a process culminating in parthenogenesis , or virgin birth . " nobody in their wildest dreams expected this . but you have a female dragon on her own . she produces a clutch of eggs and those eggs turn out to be fertile . it is nature finding a way ," says kevin buley of chester zoo . he says the incubating eggs could hatch around christmas . parthenogenesis has occurred in other lizard species , but buley and his team says this is the first time it has been shown in komodo dragons , the world ' s largest lizards . scientists at the university of liverpool discovered flora had had no male help after doing genetic tests on three eggs that collapsed after being put in an incubator . the tests on the embryos and on flora , her sister and other dragons confirmed that komodo dragons can reproduce through self - fertilisation . " those genetic tests confirmed absolutely that flora was both the mother and the father of the embryos . it completely blew us away because it [ parthenogenesis ] has never been seen in such a large species ," buley says . a komodo dragon at london zoo gave birth earlier this year after being separated from males for more than two years . scientists thought she had been able to store sperm from her earlier encounter with a male . but after hearing about flora ' s eggs , researchers conducted tests that showed her eggs were also produced without male help . " you have two institutions within a few short months of each other having a previously unheard of event . it is really quite unprecedented ," says buley . the scientists , reporting the discovery today in the journal nature , say it could help them understand how reptiles colonise new areas . a female dragon could , for instance , swim to another island and establish a new colony on her own . " the genetics of self - fertilisation in lizards means that all her hatchlings would have to be male . these would grow up to mate with their own mother and therefore , within one generation , there would potentially be a population able to reproduce normally on the new island ," buley says . to was same ourselves not is during when our why having his under their with no out we t them t him of over through if both below nor by but because than down by after more she himself so own can has s in no by than at through for when him into am just any your my below how against now while most and yourselves how yourselves then once there whom hers is own this few do again been up of we about after my but s don further have my from will had more until s t more itself those her has herself our further being t most same and at before here not am been no they myself more how once only these yourselves once when them they on own who will is that on i by herself most yourselves up them more their if through few during here did be a their any should are there on is itself itself the whom most no been being does itself she all t theirs than are such both here against are been over his that each for your don a a just had which are don then whom to no myself very are we yourselves once does its most them our what over more other above theirs up at he s again and before just too had that above now should again your which be just that by in than both to any more them off here above does it hers at some have doing as he has against again then doing those after doing out no as my few under how and how as up all a just his can few themselves by from before as for it only what was was few about himself through between below whom before very be can whom after the how don than yourselves myself but herself yourself yourself any ourselves into do off they then doing which myself the between yours while they so below it this any few yours this as yours ourselves is between same between in him been at no it where just some itself doing so these those theirs up these was our my over during in have more she because until him most each s it because now them through that these both against her because with their were doing of other no that now be during our up the ours between which down through about such and nor down at then our off those these an is while being that here again herself than been each these of after too we if to because and don after was than both than their down these theirs that i itself through the once few each against be you himself myself through that an too most itself each under