scientists will analyse the contents of this capsule for clues about how the solar system began a seven - year quest to return to earth pristine samples from the solar system ' s formation ended in triumph in a dark and wet utah desert at the weekend . " it ' s hard to describe what it feels like to be at this point of the mission ," university of washington researcher and lead scientist of the stardust mission professor don brownlee said shortly after the probe ' s touchdown at 10 : 10 utc ( 21 : 10 aedt ) on sunday . " we travelled almost 3 billion miles in space . we visited a comet , grabbed a piece of it and it landed here this morning ," brownlee said . " it ' s an incredible thrill ." stardust released its precious cargo during a high - speed flyby of earth , sending the tyre - sized canister soaring through space at a blazing speed of about 46 , 000 kilometres per hour when it smashed into the planet ' s atmosphere . this makes it the fastest human - made object , topping the record set in may 1969 by the returning apollo 10 command module . as its heat - shield fried away , a comet - like plume formed in its wake , looking like a torch that was visible in parts of the western us . " we weren ' t quite sure how bright it was going to be and some people didn ' t think we would see anything ," says brownlee , who slipped outside the utah base with some of his team members to try to spot the capsule ' s streak across the sky . after scanning the sky for several minutes , brownlee finally found an object that he said looked like mars , but was clearly not where mars was at the time . " it was twinkling a little bit , getting a little brighter , and moving . i thought , maybe that ' s a helicopter . but it kept getting brighter and brighter and brighter ," he says . the object was reddish in colour and trailed a bright , glowing plume behind it , brownlee says . " it ' s ironic , you have a comet mission that ends producing a comet ." collecting spacedust during its time in space , stardust passed by comet wild - 2 ( vilt - 2 ) and extended a gel - filled collecting device to trap some particles to take back to earth . it also collected bits of interstellar dust . scientists believe comets contain unaltered material that was used to form the solar system . " we did this mission to collect the most primitive materials we could in the solar system ," brownlee says . " we went to a comet that formed at the edge of the solar system , far from the sun under very cold conditions . we ' re confident that it was made out of the initial building blocks of our solar system ." the capsule was retrieved by helicopter crews and taken to a clean room on the utah test and training range for inspection . the canister containing the samples is scheduled to be removed from the capsule and flown to the nasa space center in houston on tuesday . there , scientists will catalogue the samples and begin distributing them to teams for analysis . can s other her theirs what can few ourselves again my about each theirs over theirs few itself after once s itself off itself with your through your are on most few a don below below who out why on if those can yours their are more an then only for those than over of my am because should of about herself were ourselves against where my myself ours ours a up yourself not than but of is ours does it to at before been under doing t again only myself off these under have so were did i did am it or their again yours this i yours until where each very ourselves into during itself should any the in then all their the by i when do any t after has this this had up my them during my its where ours