jewish people ' s history and migrations are reflected in their dna , a new study shows four jewish mothers who lived 1000 years ago in europe are the ancestors of 40 % of all ashkenazi jews alive today , international researchers report . the dna study paints a vivid picture of human evolution and survival , and correlates with the well - established written and oral histories of jewish migrations , says dr doron behar of the technion - israel institute of technology , who worked on the study . the study , published in the american journal of human genetics , suggests that some 3 . 5 million jews alive today descended from four women . for their study , behar and scientists from europe and the us sampled dna from 11 , 452 people from 67 populations . " all subjects reported the birthplace of their mothers , grandmothers , and , in most cases , great - grandmothers ," the scientists write . they looked at mitochondrial dna , which is found in cells , outside the nucleus and away from the dna that carries most genetic instructions . mitochondrial dna is passed down virtually unchanged from mother to daughter , but it does occasionally mutate , at a known rate . researchers can use this molecular clock to track genetic changes through time . they used it , for instance , to compute when the " ancestral eve " of all living humans lived : in africa , about 180 , 000 years ago . now they have found four ancestral jewish mothers . " i think there was some kind of genetic pool that was in the near east ," behar says . " among this genetic pool there were four maternal lineages , four real women , that carried the exact specific mitochondrial dna markers that we can find in mitochondrial dna today ." settling europe they , or their direct descendants , moved into europe . " then at a certain period , most probably in the 13th century , simply by demographic matters , they started to expand dramatically ," behar says . " maybe it was because of jewish tradition , the structure of the family that might have been characterised by a high number of children ." but these four families gave rise to much of the population of european jews , which exploded from 30 , 000 people in the 13th century to " something like 9 million just prior to world war ii ", behar says . the nazis and their allies killed 6 million jews during the war , but there are now an estimated 8 million ashkenazi jews , defined by their common northern and central european ancestry , cultural traditions and yiddish language . behar says as they sampled people from ashkenazi communities around the world , the same mitochondrial genetic markers kept popping up . they did not find the markers in most of the non - jewish people they sampled , and only a very few were shared with jews of other origin . ancestry not genetic disease this particular study does not provide a direct explanation for some of the inherited diseases that disproportionately affect jews of european descent , such as breast and colon cancer , because most diseases are caused by mutations in nuclear dna , not the dna studied by behar ' s group . these genes are believed to date from a ' bottleneck ' phenomenon , when populations were squeezed down from large to small and then expanded again . behar and skorecki ' s team have found what is known as a ' founder effect ', when one or a small number of people have a huge number of descendants . was so can they own does no were yourselves hers of have was my himself in own only over this himself t off his whom those as down having s t to with the on so will while had of through any after will no there just itself it having he this that because this to should because how because our too myself before nor should does once now which there against after while more been i other off me than when how their during by own up theirs out now those my such whom doing will i on theirs or am because then been no an down for between each with nor both him where these whom doing having did does that ours just now having off with at which more them an the her very out too above again just about own him all he to been yourself don more as while me himself both for most this few further t it for themselves my ourselves