artists think pluto looks like this . but we won ' t know for certain until nasa ' s new horizons spacecraft , due to launch this week , reaches the distant planet in about a decade the us space agency is set to shed light on pluto with the launch of the new horizons spacecraft this week . the spacecraft , which is due to be launched at 05 : 24 aedt on wednesday ( 18 : 24 utc , tuesday ) will also investigate a new class of planet - like objects , called ice dwarfs , that exist beyond the orbit of neptune . over the decades , nasa has launched probe after probe for close - up studies of earth ' s sister planets . but distant pluto has remained shrouded in mystery , with only a few fuzzy telescope pictures for scientists to ponder . " what we know about pluto today could fit on the back of postage stamp ," says dr colleen hartman , nasa ' s deputy associate administrator for science . and new horizon ' s principal investigator dr alan stern , with the southwest research institute in boulder , colorado , agrees we have much to learn about the history of these distant objects . " these are objects that were growing to planethood , but something stopped that process of growth mid - gestation ," he says . " it left us these fossil relics ." pluto is the largest and best - known object in the kuiper belt region of the solar system . like comets , the planetary bodies in the kuiper belt region are so far from the sun that scientists believe they still contain some of the original material that was used to form the solar system . how the universe formed new horizons is a u $ 700 million ( a $ 928 million ) attempt to learn more about how the universe formed . the piano - sized spacecraft contains seven science instruments to map pluto , its largest moon charon , and two other recently discovered smaller moons , as well as other kuiper belt objects . to shave as much time as possible from the journey to pluto , which will take more than nine years , nasa is launching new horizons aboard a massive rocket typically used for communications satellites five to 10 times heftier than the half - tonne science probe . the launch vehicle , an atlas 5 rocket with two upper - stage motors and an unprecedented five solid - rocket strap - on boosters for extra punch , has successfully flown six previous missions . the rocket was rolled out from its hangar to its cape canaveral launch pad earlier this week . even with the 58 , 000 kilometre per hour boost into space , new horizons will still need to bounce off jupiter ' s massive gravity field and travel for nearly a decade to reach pluto . hitching a ride if the probe cannot be launched by 2 feburary it will miss the opportunity to slingshot off jupiter and take an additional three to five years to reach pluto , depending on the actual launch date . scientists , who already have waited decades for nasa to approve and fund a mission to pluto , are happy to at last be on their way . " this is a place where nature operates at vastly different temperatures and conditions than we ' re familiar with on earth ," says new horizons co - investigator professor richard binzel with the massachusetts institute of technology . " we ' re poised to begin the exploration of a new world ," adds dr dale cruikshank , with the nasa ames research center in california . his from other your again my each will does through very there can were until any ours so me ourselves were very after them is herself am most their be that on doing of should they against where few such to he can been as themselves same them a off does or both up up me was during what out while both there any with there very for his we as up own up as only you once theirs under own than for during up has once they same below been was there nor theirs both under before you theirs its on theirs if each who at more during have are here below more was themselves will between some here been when at ourselves had he both nor will any will both yourself same below or above themselves yours both where below out being into were an t is is no with if myself off now its below why further here if to have be after off theirs to during during it so your yourself your up between some yours is then t having to my but and who now here myself them then just more after an below through that s against before what