backpackers form a highly mobile community , says a researcher who ' s developing a new communication device especially for them backpackers may one day use a mobile travel assistant to ring home and network with other travellers while finding out the cost of a bus ticket to bondi beach , an australian researcher says . the digital travel buddy would also act as a travel guide with information about the best places to go and how to get there , says jeff axup , a phd student at the university of queensland and former backpacker . axup has been studying backpacker culture and communication as part of his research into the technology needs of so - called mobile communities . " a lot of research focuses too much on the technology and tries to find an application ," he says . " we like to look at how people naturally act and try to come up with technology to fit their needs ." in a recent study axup shadowed a group of backpackers and documented their behaviour as they toured brisbane , took a boat cruise and visited an animal park . the results of his study are published on the eprintsuq website and will be submitted for publication in coming weeks . axup ' s latest research includes prototypes of the technology , which is being developed with the australasian crc for interaction design . the final product will probably be software - based so backpackers can download it onto their mobile phones , he says . and it will be likely to include instant messaging and discussion forums , or use wireless technology . mobile communities axup says backpackers are cultural symbols of an increasingly mobile world , a change brought about by improved transport and technology and the breakdown of the traditional neighbourhood . " one term to describe this is glocalisation , where you still have your local communities but they ' ve gone global and they may be distributed ," he says . backpackers already use mobile phones , text messaging and the internet but axup ' s research shows that they are driving changes in technology as much as the technology is changing the nature of travel . " any time you introduce new technology it always enters an existing social and technological environment , so it will of course change the existing environment ," he says . " but then people will take it and use it in ways that were never expected and maybe even change the technology ." have and himself itself do over more some as been myself off other by itself too same with before are i her myself very who an its does themselves and all to have above other t itself or below as it my against few up his just to had her yours is most can yours why there most as once to if this by your both down what there be until himself an how themselves can most itself this nor been few a again few only should in