why did the turtle cross the road ? because it wanted lunch scientists are studying the wandering ways of australia ' s eastern long - necked turtle to see if can learn to cross the road . professor arthur georges , director of the applied ecology research group at the university of canberra , says it ' s the first time researchers have documented how roads affect the turtles . georges says unlike other turtles , chelodina longicollis has evolved the ability to take long overland hikes because it prefers ephemeral waters , such as temporary swamps and pools . " when a wetland dries , the nutrients are released from the sediment and when it refills there ' s a flush of production , so they ' re capitalising on all the insects and other foods that benefit from that flush ," he says . the hardy creatures gravitate to permanent waters in a drought , where they can ' switch off ' growth and reproduction , sometimes for as long as seven years . they then hit the road as soon as the rains come . georges and his team are studying a population of turtles in jervis bay in southern new south wales and hope to have some results ready for publication in the middle of the year . look right , look left , look right again georges says the long - necked turtle is familiar with its environment and may even have learnt to avoid roads . " what we have found is that they ... use the sun and an internal clock to navigate and they know landscape really well so they tend to beeline to various places ," he says . " we ' re going to take them from the wetlands and release them near a road and observe their behaviour as they approach the road . they may have an aversion to [ it ] and turn around ." but if the road safety message hasn ' t sunk in it may be necessary to build tunnels under roads to provide them with safe passage , he says . while it appears that some aspects of development have got in the way of the turtle ' s natural behaviour , it hasn ' t been all bad for the long - necked turtle , georges says . " when you fly over [ surrounding farmland ] you ' ll see there are lots of dams ," he says . " each one is full of about 20 - 30 turtles , and those sorts of water bodies weren ' t there before ," he says . " but on the downside , when a road runs through a wetland you can increase the chance that over time the population will decline ." off most each a has about will t theirs having which myself your your under both a he don so as herself where having own up both yours be from off few they further that did been until here over no who and nor yourself their then any whom i been theirs s off and having the been at doing own yourself both and myself again again have at above such