the new fridge magnets will be aware of others on the fridge and communicate with them fridge magnets may one day be able to fix bad grammar and change the words to something they think is more appropriate . " the idea is that each magnet is aware of the other magnets on the fridge and they transmit information between each other ," says australian digital artist pierre proske . proske is working with researchers at the future applications lab of the viktoria institute in sweden to develop the intelligent fridge magnets . details will be presented at the international conference on intelligent user interfaces in sydney later this month . each fridge magnet consists of 16 - character liquid crystal display , rather than a magnetic strip with a printed word , proske says . the magnets can randomly generate a word , categorise that word ( as a noun , verb , adjective or adverb ) and transmit the category to any words they are placed next to . as you compose a poem , placing words in grammatical order , the magnets communicate with each other to learn the grammar rules you are using . once they are ' trained ', the magnets can change the words they are displaying to substitute words that don ' t fit the established grammar rules , like an autocorrect function . " so the actual word that ' s associated with each magnet can change depending on the way in which it ' s aligned ," says proske . reshuffling gives you a new word luckily if you don ' t like the word the magnet substitutes , you can always take the magnet off the fridge and shake it to reshuffle and get a new word . and the plan is for you to be able to reset the magnets completely so they forget all their grammar rules . of course , the magnets rely on being taught good grammar in the first place . " someone could instil bad grammar if they wanted to ," says proske . but he doesn ' t want to take all the fun for those kitchen - based party - goers that like making up crazy sentences on fridges . he says the system will only worry about which words can be immediately next to each other and won ' t be too strict about the grammar of the sentence as a whole . " this was deliberate to keep the sentences a little more poetic ," says proske . " the idea is it is still fridge poetry . we don ' t want to create sentences that make total sense ." changing words to fit themes the team also hopes that the magnets will be able to substitute words in response to stimuli other than bad grammar . for example , someone might have a set of magnets on the home fridge and a set of magnets on the work fridge that can communicate via wireless internet , says proske . if the magnets at home read , for example , " crazy kangaroos dream wildly ", those at work might change to " drunk wallabies laze around the pool ", in keeping with the australian theme . the team also suggest it might be interesting to apply their ideas to scrabble and crosswords but says further details on this are a subject for further investigation . proske and colleagues have so far half developed a prototype intelligent fridge poetry magnet system and are hoping to get more ideas at the sydney conference . and they ' re not just interested in generating another product for the consumer market . this is a " whimsical and accessible " way to contribute to the study of developing intelligent robots , says proske . you her all any between he does on when few his how off what hers over after were theirs then so each who because only once nor can once be me after no be not very so is they if do itself will are ourselves theirs these as above ours there being t most then over should s be too do myself on but s this over them not him very himself will than on each then very is has them and them are her theirs any further below which very as her that each he yourself but from am here did down once