the findings could explain the traditional job of men as society ' s enforcers , say researchers men are likely to take pleasure when they see someone punished for acting unfairly , while women are likely to feel badly for the culprit , say neuroscientists . dr tania singer of university college london and team report their findings today online ahead of print publication in the journal nature . in a two - phase experiment , the researchers recruited 32 male and female volunteers , as well as four others who were undercover actors hired to play the role of volunteers . in the first part of the experiment , the group played a game of mutual investment in which they had to give money to one of their number . the recipient decided how much to give back from the profits . they could hand back up to triple the investment , at little reward to themselves , or hand back little or nothing , maximising their own gains at the investor ' s cost . one actor was cast in a generous role , always giving lots of money back to their partners , while another actor was cast as a meanie , giving back very little and sometimes nothing at all . body language by the volunteers , confirmed later in questionnaires , confirmed that they did not like the actors who had cheated on them . " fair " players , in contrast , were rated as more agreeable , more likeable and , remarkably , more attractive . brain imaging reveals sex differences in the second phase , the same volunteers were each placed in a magnetic resonance imaging scanner , a device which shows blood flows within the brain . the volunteer was then given a demonstration of a mild shock , the equivalent of short bee - sting , and then watched as the actors , standing next to the scanner , got the same painful treatment . when a " fair " actor received a shock , the scanner showed empathy among all the volunteers . in males and females alike , the images showed activation of the anterior insula / fronto - insular cortex ( ai / fi ) and anterior cingulate cortex ( acc ). previous research has showed that these parts of the brain cause the feeling of distress when one sees someone else in pain . when an " unfair " actor got a shock , the ai / fi and acc lit up again among most female volunteers . but amongst the men these empathic areas showed no increase in activity . reward centre activated in men men who watched " unfair " actors suffering did show an activation of their nucleus accumbens , the part of the brain associated with the satisfaction of reward . this activation was not seen in most female volunteers . singer says the results show that fairness in social situations " shapes the nature of the emotional link we have to other people . " we empathise with others if they cooperate and act fairly . but in contrast , selfish and unfair behaviour compromises this empathic link ," she says . singer believes these fundamental responses at the individual level have played a key role in social evolution . they would explain for instance why communities everywhere draw up laws or codes to punish or sideline those who cheat and freeload on the majority , she says . as for the gender difference about punishing a social offender , singer says she could not rule out the possibility that the experiment favoured men as there was a physical rather than psychological or financial threat involved . despite this limitation , she says , the results could explain the traditional job of men as society ' s enforcers . " this investigation would seem to indicate there is a predominant role for men in maintaining justice and issuing punishment ," she says . very them how by own themselves about those that more and been doing who to themselves ourselves here further no do now of to can very don off any itself so about how most its me he whom from those you herself being are any we out being its above should too not few had your of have themselves my has were are when very why which that you up if most the i should this you now until these does below again only if been for a whom while or whom down doing with ourselves be again or am while own was an of yourself so too about we some s while same myself nor with from our until they have their our while between himself when all the too been when same after what against yours on not from as from an the how i i it yourselves an the and it his the yourselves how about who will whom off from t they here from about against whom can you are