this image shows the flash of light emitted when the deep impact probe smashed into the comet . the comet nucleus is in blue and maroon , and the impact flash is ringed in multiple colours ice has been detected on the nucleus , or solid body , of a comet for the first time , researchers report . they say that comet tempel 1 , the target of nasa ' s deep impact space probe , has three patches of ice on its surface . but most of the frozen water probably lurks deeper inside . co - investigator dr jessica sunshine and colleagues report their findings online today in the journal science . the surface ice was detected by instruments on board the probe before it crashed into the comet in july last year . cameras spotted several patches bluer than surrounding areas . and infrared spectroscopy confirmed these patches were water ice . the scientists suspect the ice is in large grains , probably aggregates . and the deposits are impure , with only a small fraction being water ice , the rest consisting of dust . the surface deposits are also not enough to account for the water vapor in the cloud of gas and dust that surrounds the comet ' s nucleus , the scientists say . " these new findings are significant because they show that our technique is effective in finding ice when it is on the surface ," says professor michael a ' hearn of the university of maryland , the project ' s principal investigator . " we can [ also ] therefore firmly conclude that most of the water vapor that escapes from comets is contained in ice particles found below the surface ." into the heart of a comet deep impact slammed into the comet last year aiming to collect data about the comet ' s heart . comets are of particular interest because they are believed to be made up of the leftover debris from the gas , dust , rocks and ice that formed the outer planets in our solar system some 4 . 6 billion years ago . scientists have long known that comets contain substantial amounts of ice . but before deep impact , they did not know how ice was distributed throughout the comet ' s nucleus . some astronomers believe comets ' seeded ' earth with some of the water and carbon - based molecules that make up living things . ours which or can we off same he has this they each i very me been its other before herself each these for such the on below if s during of ours above has herself than my can some he below than between have some ourselves had again this been below after i himself ours and an no those further because same because s from ourselves what should ours why own being so its he him now does of my itself or what theirs ours did that with off being from this hers your with yourself