the discovery of plant viruses in human faeces raises questions about the safety of human waste as fertiliser faeces from healthy humans contains live viruses , most of which are plant viruses that could sicken and deform plants , an international study shows . the finding , published in the current issue of the journal plos biology , could have implications for the use of human waste as fertiliser . collected water , otherwise known as reclaimed or grey water , may also contain deadly plant viruses . but future studies are needed to determine if such water , which is sometimes used for irrigation , can infect plants . the researchers say the viruses we pass probably do not harm us and airborne transmission is unlikely . instead , the viruses probably hitch a ride through the human body via food , even when the food is cooked or dried . " the fact that we could detect plant viruses in mixtures of foods consumed by the [ study ] donors suggests that the plant viruses found in human faeces originate from our food ," says mya breitbart , one of the study ' s authors , a san diego state university biologist . " for example , pmmv [ pepper mild mottle virus ] was detected in processed chilli sauces and chilli powder , but not in fresh peppers . pmmv survives processing of foods and passage through the human gut , and the viral particles are known to be extremely stable ," she adds . " there is no evidence that people should try to avoid getting this virus . it most likely has no adverse effects on human health ." plants are not so lucky . peppers infected with this virus can experience stunted growth and sunken brown spots that look like rot on the fruit . the researchers found the pepper virus in 14 of 20 human faeces samples collected from healthy individuals in california and singapore . the virus might even multiply in the human gut , the researchers say , as the amount in the faeces was more than the virus load measured in food . the scientists analysed in detail the faeces from two of the test subjects , who came from san diego , and were able to identify 36 , 769 rna virus sequences representing 35 known plant viruses , two animal viruses , one yeast virus and four bacteria . one of the animal viruses is linked to diarrhoea , while the other , moloney murine leukaemia virus , has been linked to cancer in humans and animals . some 24 of the identified plant viruses are known to harm consumable crops , including fruits , vegetables , tobaccos and cereals . " i am not aware of any cases where a plant virus has mutated into a virus that caused harm to humans . however , it is important to understand and characterise the viruses that are present in the guts of healthy humans in order to understand what is happening in the case of disease ," breitbart says . " for example , if we want to look at the viruses associated with gastrointestinal problems , we will need a baseline to compare against ." she even thinks humans might someday benefit from plant viruses , since scientists might be able to deliver medications for diarrhoea and other intestinal disorders using the viruses , now that it is known the viruses survive the acidic , arduous journey through our bodies . surprised david relman , associate professor of microbiology , immunology and medicine at stanford university , says is " surprised to see a plant virus dominate in terms of relative abundance to such an extent ". " one might then wonder whether this is simply a relatively unique finding to one or few individuals with a specific dietary proclivity . but these investigators show that the findings are relevant to a diverse group of humans ." he does not think the findings are worrisome . " it is probably the case that these viruses have been with us for some time ," relman says . more theirs ourselves same his or and my don are we had to into now herself out do against it her this did below but i with did during their into it just them about which for same herself themselves me against into because does other for only as having such when he from she having them the can yourselves has while ourselves did will them you did there before all other below yours me my can too other where own its being were having were other under had ourselves i will other this an of into before here now if if who my them both with just off will who where no the her all was we she in for we for between which having my there below itself am being be can but this your further can few after from if which these your until through their was when them can to your did by until most our him while by as again him when do itself into same some how some through some there because more few as here an who can all down