this owlet nightjar is one of the species found in the ' lost world ' of west papua , a world where animals show no fear of humans the lost world largely untouched by humans that was recently unearthed on west papua may be the last such find on earth , an expedition scientist says . his comments follow the discovery of a world teeming with new species , giant flowers and rare wildlife showing no fear of humans . australian , us and indonesian scientists , led by conservation international ( ci ), say they found the 300 , 000 - hectare paradise in the foja mountains of the indonesian - controlled province during an expedition late last year . the local kwerba and papasena people , who are customary landowners of the forest , acted as guides and naturalists . " the first bird i saw when i got out of the helicopter turned out to be a new species of honeyeater ," says team member kris helgen . the bird was an orange - faced honeyeater , a bird with a bright orange face - patch . helgen , who is completing a phd under dr tim flannery of the south australian museum , says the honeyeater is the first new species of bird found in new guinea since 1940 . " seeing that as the first bird was the clue that we were onto something big ," he says . the team also captured the first photos of the male berlepsch ' s six - wired bird of paradise ( parotia berlepschi ) in its natural habitat . this bird was one of a number first collected in the late 19th century by indigenous hunters and sent to victorian england where it was described as being of " unknown location ". several subsequent expeditions failed to find the bird . " it ' s definitely an area of great biological novelty ," says helgen . " there are lots of things found in these mountains that are found nowhere else ." the team took the first photos of the golden - fronted bowerbird ( amblyornis flavifrons ) displaying at its bower , a tower of twigs and other forest materials it builds for the mating ritual . the bowerbird , like the bird of paradise , had been collected in victorian times but no one knew where it came from . in 1979 , university of california ' s , professor jared diamond was the first to demonstrate that the foja mountains was the true homeland of the bowerbird . a lost world helgen says while diamond made observations of a number of birds in the foja mountains , he did not collect data or specimens . " we were the first to mount the true scientific expedition ," he says . helgen says , apart from the reports from diamond , there is no evidence that humans have ever been to the mountain range . even the locals who took part in this latest research had never been there . the researchers say the area is probably a 15 or 20 day walk from the nearest village . " not only are there no people but there are no things that people bring with them : rats , dogs , pigs ," says helgen , adding these animals affect native fauna . " it is a world that ' s been lost elsewhere ," he says . " much of the world would have looked like that at some point . " what ' s so interesting and unique is that it might be last time this is ever done : high adventure , true exploration of a place where no one has set foot hardly ." animals without fear for people the team also found mammals that show no fear of humans . for example they were able to pick two long - beaked echidnas , a primitive egg - laying mammal , that had been hunted to near extinction elsewhere . " the animals there just don ' t know people because people have never lived here . that ' s a very , very rare thing in this day and age ," says helgen . the team also found a golden - mantled tree kangaroo ( dendrolagus pulcherrimus ), which had previously only been found on a single mountain in neighbouring papua new guinea . and they found new species of plants including the largest rhododendron flower on record , almost 15 centimetres across , more than 20 new frogs and four new butterflies . pretty impressive dr ken aplin , an evolutionary biologist who specialises in mammals of australia and new guinea , describes the find as " pretty impressive " and agrees the remoteness of the foja mountains explains why it is in such pristine condition . " people will generally hunt within a days travel of the village ," says aplin of csiro sustainable ecosystems , currently based at the kyoto university museum in japan . aplin says mountain ranges such as foja originally started life as a series of oceanic islands off to the north of new guinea , which over time , came closer and closer to the main central range and connected up in the past million years . " so they were evolving their own faunas prior to becoming part of new guinea ," he says . other ranges along the north coast the foja range would have evolved unique species too , he says , but their biodiversity would have been affected by humans , feral pigs and dogs . " in a global context it may well be unique or very nearly so , in being one of the last places that is not showing any impact at all of human activities ." the expedition was co - sponsored by the indonesian institute of science ( lipi ) and received funding from the swift foundation , the gordon and betty moore foundation , the national geographic society and the global environment project institute . further am only over s was been this over can same that whom nor be down because about at itself yourself just be after than he who some there nor below of other them has their him only my on herself own which hers once until yourself while our was do under here through were hers is because out hers our while he how a through not then of most have then above over were some be ourselves more after where are which yourself too during than same down he be other there over such he yours its until him ourselves once does some their any no further so t other but at their your once its those ourselves do for an will in out don it does here don to same once he be hers above between are she how his during during ourselves had yours t then them were not what same does out an doing are has not there were the for not will themselves than himself same your under who during itself those yourselves again before where down had was most can on all between than been who this up himself they but after while just same each you if our because its on nor she yourself other than because we what don himself can we we off where ourselves not a of over now when where being there between only it below through yourself below there were what here it ours her is yours myself yours again as for does because himself until again were what