the galaxy cluster abell 2029 is composed of thousands of galaxies , shown in this xray image , and an amount of dark matter equivalent to more than a hundred trillion suns dark matter particles are zooming around the universe a million times faster than anyone predicted , uk astronomers say . they ' ve calculated that this mysterious substance , which governs how stars and galaxies move , is moving at a speedy 9 kilometres per second . the university of cambridge researchers have also worked out how dark matter likes to clump together and surprising details of how hot it is , data essential in modelling how galaxies form . a preliminary report is available on arxiv , the online website operated by cornell university . dark matter is mysterious because it doesn ' t emit radiation , making it difficult to spot . indeed , no - one has detected it and not all scientists are convinced it exists . " the best evidence for dark matter is that there are stars in our sky ," says professor gilmore , director of the institute of astronomy at cambridge , which made the latest calculations . " without it they ' d be flying off into space ." dark matter is the mass needed to hold stars in their given places as they move around galaxies ; the faster they move the more mass is needed . " kepler and newton were able to weigh the sun just by knowing where earth was and how fast it was moving ," says gilmore . " we did the same thing , only in three dimensions , finding the ' weight ' of dark matter by measuring the place and speed of a very large number stars in several dwarf galaxies orbiting the milky way ." hanging out in clumps the results were surprising . aside from their speed , the researchers calculated the smallest clump of dark matter that could exist , 1000 light - years across . these results imply that dark matter is hotter than predicted , meaning that what astronomers call ' cold ' dark matter may not be so cold after all . at 10 , 000 & deg ; c it ' s still cool by astronomical standards . but it ' s warm enough to solve two problems that have plagued standard models of how galaxies form : that there are too few dwarf galaxies and why dark matter has not concentrated in the centre of galaxies . gilmore says he was initially wary of the results , which together seemed too simple to be plausible . the discovery of a super - dim galaxy by dr beth willman from new york university , gave the team an opportunity to successfully test its predictions . our his than their other yours themselves himself too why again your she myself hers some then when where its out from should any themselves my so such now is itself a of i into have s of am why they does having for me once was no over what where has this yours your yourselves by don that in what during again are himself herself his now did have over is between once most or ourselves no do do about his whom each but if under was yourselves had does he too was until this that how which should yours through up then was below into through until him just nor his before