women value a good sense of humour in a potential male partner , even if his jokes are crass . but men don ' t rate humour so highly in women , new research shows it ' s a trait often requested in lonely hearts ads and scientists have now shown that a good sense of humour is important for women , but not men , in choosing a romantic partner . a woman is even willing to overlook other shortcomings in a man if he can make her laugh , north american researchers say in the journal evolution and human behavior . " our results suggest that humour can positively affect desirability as a relationship partner but this effect is most likely to occur when men use humour and are evaluated by women ," says dr eric bressler , an assistant professor at westfield state college in massachusetts . bressler and canadian researcher dr sigal balshine , an assistant professor at mcmaster university in ontario , demonstrated in an experiment that a good sense of humour , or gsoh as it appears in personal ads , does make a difference . they showed groups of women pictures of two equally attractive men and presented autobiographical statements that were either funny or serious . after reversing the experiment and showing groups of men photographs of two women , they asked both sexes to select who they would choose as a romantic partner . the humorous people were seen as more socially adept but less trustworthy , honest and intelligent . men did not select the funny person but women did . " women chose funny men as relationship partners despite often rating them as less honest and intelligent ," the researchers say . funny men were preferred even if their humour was unsophisticated , the researchers add . by which against too some too s doing on for ourselves so to under all once during hers up down my that by most than t why down such than me same her was here do up should can some the was after my hers own being how all can an below again them not our yourself where did then if as itself why all the over i to once them off in yourselves am are they down do such him nor