buying a house ? new research shows it ' s best for our unconscious to work on big decisions when faced with a major decision , such as buying a car or a house , it ' s best to do your homework , then forget about it for a while and let your unconscious churn through the options . according to the results of a novel study published today in the journal science , unconscious deliberation may lead to a more satisfying choice than mere conscious deliberation alone , at least for major decisions . conscious deliberation is fine for the less important , more mundane everyday choices like deciding which shampoo or towels to buy , but not for bigger decisions , the report indicates . four investigators in the department of psychology at the university of amsterdam , confirm the value of what they call the " deliberation - without - attention " hypothesis in a series of studies on consumer choice . the did the experiments in the laboratory and in real life among shoppers in department stores . decisions , decisions for example , in a car - shopping experiment , participants read a complex series of facts about cars they were thinking of buying . immediately afterwards , they were given puzzles to keep their conscious selves busy . after working on the puzzles , this group of shoppers reported greater satisfaction with their car choice than the people who were given no puzzles and had to decide which car to buy immediately after consciously pondering the facts . but for making simple decisions , such as choosing between different sets of towels , conscious deliberations were all that was needed to make satisfying choices . there are several possible reasons why conscious thought sometimes leads to poor judgment , the researchers say . consciousness has a " low capacity " causing individuals to consider only a subset of relevant information and they may inappropriately weight the importance or relevance of this information . in contrast , the human subconscious has a higher capacity to integrate more information , which can lead to better choices . first , gather all the information " the take - home message is that when you have to make a decision , the first step should be to get all the information necessary for the decision ," says author dr ap dijksterhuis . " once you have the information , you have to decide , and this is best done with conscious thought for simple decisions , but left to unconscious thought , to ' sleep on it ', when the decision is complex ." the novel finding from these studies is the " idea that we can think unconsciously and that unconscious thought is actually superior to conscious thought for complex decisions ", the researcher adds . an to more any herself my before that s has itself once are own very these under have once that more me other your very up this here i through who few too off will very hers all further that once as him hers each it s are or yourselves herself same theirs themselves same too while will but down that doing themselves again be him yours against from my whom out again on until until during not where just both theirs its has i does