ecstasy use has risen 70 % between 1995 and 2000 , says the un ecstasy , the drug that some doctors blame for depression and anxiety , may often only enhance these symptoms rather than cause them , according to a study published today . dutch researchers found that children who suffered from depression were more likely to go on to use the illegal drug when they grew up to make them feel better . the appearance later in life of mental health problems in these people might not therefore be primarily due to their use of ecstasy , but could reflect pre - existing conditions . " using ecstasy may increase a risk that is already there ," says anja huizink , assistant professor at the erasmus medical center in rotterdam , author of the study that appears in the british medical journal today . " other studies claim that ecstasy leads to depression ," huizink says . " sometimes that is the case . but perhaps it is more the case that individuals who already have an increased risk for depression are more likely to use ecstasy ." clubbers ecstasy , methylenedioxymethamphetamine or mdma , was used in the 1970s to treat depression . it helps the body to relax , reduces inhibitions , increases energy and brings feelings of euphoria . the drug is now used by millions of young people around the world , especially clubbers who say it can help them dance all night . united nations data suggests the use of ecstasy surged by 70 % between 1995 and 2000 . but ecstasy has increasingly been linked with health problems such as depression , especially where individuals have used the drug heavily over a long time . the dutch study of 1580 individuals over 14 years left open the possibility that ecstasy might cause depression in some cases . " perhaps for individuals who did not display symptoms of depression and anxiety in childhood , using a lot of ecstasy may also cause depression . we are not saying that is not the case , but we need more studies ," says huizink . more than a decade later she and her colleagues first looked at their sample in 1983 , before ecstasy appeared as a recreational drug in the netherlands . use of the drug was then assessed 14 years later . individuals with signs of anxiety and depression in 1983 showed an increased risk of starting to use ecstasy . the researchers say other factors not tested in their study could account for some people to be more likely to use ecstasy . these included the social environment , novelty seeking and the substance use of parents . " focusing on these vulnerable individuals in future studies will increase our insight into the potential harmful effects of mdma ," they conclude . for more information about ecstasy and other drugs , side - effects , and where to go for support or referral , see the druginfo clearinghouse website , run by the australian drug foundation . s most so for where has when whom but such under then should i don does any will over what don some do any was any will myself over same been them again than her is himself their too more do having hers few so who any was t am it be are what how s for under a same this all because yourself his should up further after it should again myself both very against will while s s then under both her before all over herself how them from you when them same have any why during their just each he while ourselves has have above but further at hers hers having do for a will ourselves don are