an acidic burp can give you heartburn symptoms reflux doesn ' t have to be extremely acidic to give you that burning feeling , a new study shows . in fact , burping can result in heartburn even when no liquid accompanies the gas up the oesophagus , dutch researchers report . dr aj bredenoord and colleagues from st antonius hospital in nieuwegein , the netherlands , report their findings in the latest issue of the journal gut . the researchers monitored 32 patients with gastroesophageal reflux disease , or gerd , who had stopped taking their acid - suppressing medication . they were monitored for 24 hours using traditional ph testing as well as a technique called impedance . impedance allows researchers to evaluate how far reflux extends up from the stomach , measure the volume of reflux , and evaluate acidity with greater precision . " it ' s a completely new way of looking at reflux ," bredenoord says . the acid test there were 1807 episodes of reflux , 203 of them causing symptoms . episodes that caused symptoms showed a larger increase in acidity within the oesophagus , more acidity , and extended further up the oesophagus . the volume of reflux in heartburn - causing episodes was larger than for those that caused no symptoms , while the liquid also took longer to clear from the oesophagus . nearly 15 % of reflux episodes were caused by more weakly acidic reflux material . just gas the researchers also identified 426 gas - only reflux episodes , 12 of which caused symptoms . symptoms were more likely with gas reflux if they were accompanied by a rise in acidity . "[ the findings show that ] if you only focus on looking at whether these symptoms are related to acid , you will certainly miss a few patients who symptoms are also related to weakly acid reflux ," bredenoord says . and volume of reflux , as well as its acidity , plays a role in whether it causes symptoms , he adds . new drugs he points out that some drug companies are developing medications designed to reduce the number of reflux episodes , rather than targeting acidity , as all currently available gerd drugs do . this could be helpful for the minority of patients whose symptoms are due to more weakly acid reflux , he says . for more information on heartburn and reflux , see the consumer information section of the gastroenterological society of australia website . own whom about both that himself being to its my itself which because do between down because these these them no ours now myself through to we because will then itself myself between there should under myself who which your own if off your in out few under after off again themselves and each how the them theirs an your who my you me where down before such of until be its itself only why some the their what before during did him for their when from against each while any out does am while such before our why off just to some should themselves t me himself having which them we his and