a watchdog would monitor research to make sure it wasn ' t used by bioterrorists , yet would allow legitimate research to continue . but not everyone agrees this balance is possible a global watchdog is needed to prevent science being misused to produce biological weapons , say canadian academics . " bioterrorists require darkness to succeed ," says professor peter singer , director of the joint centre for bioethics at the university of toronto , which has published a report calling for global network of experts to help spot any misuses of science for biological warfare . " in effect , we ' re calling for an iaea of biotechnology ," he adds , referring to the international atomic energy authority , the global nuclear watchdog . " not with a team of iaea - type inspectors , though , but an expanding global network of scientists ." the rationale behind the report , entitled dna for peace : reconciling biodevelopment and biosecurity , is fear that there will be a crackdown on genuine scientific research in the name of biosecurity , an attempt to prevent biological warfare or deliberately created epidemics . " the question is how do you create a system where people are talking in such a way that you can enhance the positive use of biotechnology and protect against the misuse of them in such areas as bioterrorism ," says elizabeth dowdeswell , co - author of the report and the former head of the un environment program . the scientists want the group of eight industrialised nations to help create the new watchdog , and they want investment in " positive applications " of biological sciences in developing countries . that would include efforts to cure or prevent disease , and to alleviate poverty , they say . but dr eike - henner kluge , an expert on bioethics and a professor at the university of victoria in british columbia , says a surveillance network is " pragmatically unrealistic ". he questioned who would monitor and pay for the proposed body . " how do you balance a possible negative threat on the one hand with a possible good on the other ?" says kluge . " this is the two - edged sword that accompanies any research ." do which was more between after them an then to each its because how an does own yourself after from above each yourselves between same no over their our just am they doing as why that theirs here of she against him themselves she about we which being after will that other this under do an by just that whom both very so is herself just an on but for about again will now should to at me he yourselves will my is nor most some on about there theirs until it down than with i who between do how where