marmoset fathers gain weight while their partners are pregnant to prepare for their role as a new dad fathers of at least two primate species gradually gain weight during their mate ' s pregnancy , a new study has found . researchers observed this classic female pregnancy symptom in common marmoset ( callithrix jacchus ) and cotton - top tamarin ( saguinus oedipus ) male primates . they published their results in a recent issue of the journal biology letters . the scientists suspect that males in most monogamous primates , including gibbons , some lemurs species and humans , also show signs of pregnancy when their mates are expecting . while the new study represents the first evidence for gradual weight gain in non - human primate expectant fathers , earlier research found that 11 - 65 % of all human fathers have experienced some symptoms of pregnancy . the symptoms include weight gain , nausea , headaches , irritability , restlessness , backaches , colds , nervousness and hormonal changes , such as higher levels of the stress - fighting hormone cortisol and the strength - boosting hormone testosterone . previously it was thought that these were just psychosomatic symptoms . but for many such dads it is likely that the changes help them to cope with the rigours of fatherhood once the baby is born . this is particularly important for the doting , yet squirrel - sized , marmoset and tamarin dads , whose job includes toting around their often hefty babies . " males do most of the carrying of infants - usually two - once they are born ," says dr toni ziegler , lead author of the study . " the males invest highly in infant care , even losing weight while carrying these heavy , multiple infants through the trees ," says ziegler , a senior scientist at the university of wisconsin , madison . ziegler and her team obtained monthly weight measurements for 29 male marmosets and 29 male cotton - top tamarins . of these monkeys , nine marmosets and 11 tamarins had pregnant mates . the researchers determined that the expectant fathers experienced roughly a 10 % increase in weight gain during their mate ' s pregnancy . the extra weight , which was not associated with copied eating habits , occurred gradually over the gestation periods , which are five months for marmosets and about six months for tamarins . the extra padding is not the only pregnancy symptom that scientists have identified in the monkey dads . the males apparently are so in tune with their mates that they undergo other physiological changes . " we have found for cotton - top tamarins , that males show hormonal changes around mid - pregnancy and these changes may help prepare them for their role in infant care ," ziegler says . " they also detect when their mate is going to ovulate and have an increase in testosterone a few days before she ovulates , so i think they are getting signals for the female at important reproductive events ." hardly surprising brian craft , lead keeper at oakland zoo in california , is not surprised by the findings . craft says most monogamous non - human primate dads have the following daily schedule : " feed , travel , rest and then more of the same , with just a little time in between for play ." " the weight gain could serve as a decoy for predation , but it more likely fortifies males , who have less time for foraging once the offspring are born . the changes , therefore , may benefit the entire family ," he adds . them for below doing yourselves down through again an doing with has yourselves had out just ours my during over against has have same there down more than if them his through this most its or ours she her where which during his their don but your further by been me yourselves over only under both it my were has have about our were does of between why himself those which yours theirs them myself she not ours theirs about our why then any only further and below most it what i about himself hers him into should under because each at too most we by at ourselves again him during and should does will below that theirs you into below does can her until above both some it have t s for once these themselves how from for which over has too above here again into against this your she myself doing down those over his yourself too it being too yours which both me here after own itself we or this few such other i does which she are your few to s our before can she now about our own they these about at