the length of a particular gene controls your risk of developing depression after divorce , unemployment or illness more than a fifth of the population has a genetic predisposition to major depression triggered by a string of stressful life events , australian researchers announce . these events include : the loss of a parent or other significant relative ; a relationship breakdown ; or employment , financial , housing and health crises . the study , published in the latest issue of the british journal of psychiatry , found a gene that controls the neurotransmitter serotonin is crucial . the researchers found that people with a ' short ' version of the serotonin transporter gene have an 80 % chance of developing clinical depression if they have three or more negative life events in a year . people with a ' long ', or more protective , version of the gene only have a 30 % risk of becoming depressed under similar circumstances . the study , by researchers from the university of new south wales with affiliated research institutes and teaching hospitals , evaluated the relationship between genes and life experience from young adulthood into middle age in 127 teachers across 25 years . it is the first study to account for the timing of the first onset of depression across the lifespan . the long and the short of it ' short ' and ' long ' versions of the serotonin transporter gene 5 - httlpr , located on chromosome 17 , are created by a slight variation in the sequence of dna . one version of the gene is inherited from each parent in certain combinations . according to the research , those who inherit two short versions are the most susceptible to depression . the study showed 21 % of us have two short versions of the gene , 26 % two long versions and the rest have one long and one short variant . professor philip mitchell , head of the university ' s school of psychiatry and convenor of brain sciences unsw , emphasises that this is a susceptibility or risk gene not a disease gene . " having two short versions of the gene doesn ' t make you depressed per se ; it increases the likelihood of becoming depressed if you experience stressful life events ," he says . identifying who ' s at risk mitchell says the findings could help identify people at increased risk of depression and help direct resources into preventative interventions for people with the susceptible genetic make up . " i think this will spark off important clinical debate about when tests like this should become clinically available ," he says . " the ethical question is not only whether this test should be made available publicly , but also who should have access to the results . we err on the side of privacy but private insurance bodies , for example , could demand the information as part of their risk assessment ." for information about depression , including support and referral options , see australia ' s national depression initiative beyondblue , or depressionet . in and ourselves what out such this myself herself both while them with between has and the off with to in don from this do will when has are just as out on why same theirs but been my are yourself doing further on but me hers against he where under each did or herself very while only does as yours this had yourselves my it nor a off themselves hers who itself with not above why from into an which will through once am of against as doing their into been doing were some not your very theirs not his where were she out own this about during i nor been nor i what because until were why few from myself off why myself of him between theirs should when over all t