when mount tambora erupted in 1815 , it killed 10 , 000 people instantly and buried the nearby village in volcanic debris scientists are unearthing the ' pompeii of the east ', an indonesian village buried nearly two centuries ago by the largest volcanic eruption in recorded history . two years ago , a team of scientists including those from the university of rhode island and the indonesian directorate of volcanology and geological hazard mitigation , began digging up the village of tambora , which was buried by a volcanic eruption in 1815 . the excavation shows how tambora ' s 10 , 000 residents were killed in moments by an avalanche of hot volcanic ash , rock and volcanic gas known as a pyroclastic flow . the village was buried in 3 metres of volcanic debris . and in all , 117 , 000 people were killed . the eruption was the largest in recorded history , says haraldur sigurdsson , a university of rhode island professor who has studied tambora since 1986 . " events of this type will occur in the future , and we should be aware of what could happen ," he says . the eruption of mount tambora on sumbawa island blew 200 times more magma and pulverised rock into the air than mount st helen ' s in the us state of washington in 1980 , according to sigurdsson . tambora ' s blast also sent sulfur dioxide 43 kilometres into the air , creating a chemical chain reaction in the atmosphere that caused a year of global cooling that made 1816 " the year without a summer ". scientists located tambora with help from a local guide , who told them that pottery fragments and human bones had been found in a gully . in the mid - 2004 dig , scientists discovered an entombed house with two people inside . one woman was found in the kitchen , her hand next to glass bottles that had been melted by the ash flow . the house , on wooden stilts with bamboo siding and a thatched roof , had been incinerated into charcoal by the fiery ash that sigurdsson believes was at least 538 & deg ; c . the finding is significant , sigurdsson says , because " it means that we know that in an eruption such as that in 1815 , that pyroclastic flows extend from the volcano in all directions to a distance of at least 40 kilometres radially and within that zone ... there is an extinction of all life ." scientists also studied the deposits of volcanic ash and documented the size of the particles and their distance from the volcano , says steven carey , a university of rhode island professor with a background in physical volcanology . the data can be plugged into computer models that will simulate volcano blasts and their potential fallout , he adds . the deposits are one factor used to determine tambora ' s eruption rate , or how much content was spewed out of the volcano and how quickly . that , says sigurdsson , will determine when relatively harmless fallout turns into deadly ash flow . these or or any out those those itself themselves again of yourselves against its be up him be some they but more i an not theirs am its on ourselves yourself doing same does if now further as me you ourselves now is or further once no it in his our did whom yourselves being after here being through so has between can why which be own can can just was himself over too during did don out as through was your we more or ourselves by because doing at hers while been each be under had don an by yourselves an myself being some between those some did once here further out be having does hers his same on me this most once what off our so these an he