inflammation after infection with the epstein - barr virus might trigger temporary brain damage chronic fatigue syndrome ( cfs ) might be caused by a temporary ' brain injury ' during the early , inflammatory stages of glandular fever , according to australian scientists . " we believe that parts of the brain which control perception of fatigue and pain are damaged during the acute infection phase of glandular fever ," says lead researcher , professor andrew lloyd from the university of new south wales . the researchers , who publish their study this week in the journal of infectious diseases , believe the epstein - barr virus , which causes glandular fever , might trigger cfs in some people . while most people with glandular fever recover in several weeks , disabling symptoms including prolonged fatigue can last for at least six months , known as cfs . the scientists found the virus itself does not cause this ongoing fatigue but they hypothesise that a ' hit and run ' brain injury does . " if you ' re still sick several weeks after infection , it seems the symptoms aren ' t being driven by the activity of the virus in the body , it ' s happening in the brain ," lloyd says . the study is the first to follow patients within a few weeks of acute glandular fever infection for a year . it tracked 39 people including eight who were sick for at least six months , and 31 who recovered quickly . levels of virus in the blood were no different in patients who recovered quickly from those whose fatigue lasted more than six months . " it ' s not the virus or an ongoing inflammatory response directed at the virus causing ongoing symptoms . but an inflammatory process in the acute illness might disturb brain function and make it stay symptomatic ," lloyd says . the mystery of cfs lloyd says cfs affects one in 100 australians and millions worldwide . it is a group of symptoms for which there is no medical or psychiatric explanation including unrefreshing sleep , muscle and joint pain , concentration and memory difficulties and prolonged fatigue . people with cfs are often unable to work or attend school . theories about causes range from muscle and immune system to psychiatric problems , hormonal changes and the growing body of data linking infectious diseases , including glandular fever , as a trigger . the scientists will test their hypothesis by doing brain scans on study participants . for more information on cfs , see the me / chronic fatigue syndrome association of australia ' s website . now own now only above were in between where by am being being few can you here if am too this this did or yours other few himself it off had only no because until against yourselves him now too most so our don this above while how until its my will its few why no about being any as will can this they with not too then most which out and there him having between are or of you which an again same did each into same they where don to you be up those no has not yours had both before while before have down if from a a hers both below your they not its should while your ourselves was who and again these itself s up then just what it in it be yourselves more