australia ' s new chief scientist is a long - term advocate of gm crops the position has been vacant for nine months . but australia now has a new chief scientist whose appointment has been met with a spectrum of responses from unqualified support to downright disappointment . dr jim peacock , the 68 - year old former chief of csiro plant industry and head of the australian academy of science , was yesterday appointed as the prime minister ' s new part - time adviser on science and technology . peacock is still finalising his contract under which he will continue his role as a senior researcher at csiro . he takes up the reins from the previous chief scientist , dr robin batterham , who resigned amidst claims that his advice to government was influenced by the interests of resource and energy giant rio tinto , a company he worked for part time . peacock says he does not anticipate his dual role will result in any conflicts of interest , but some commentators say his impartiality may be questioned nevertheless . gm advocate ? one issue is his ongoing support for genetic modification ( gm ) technology . " it think the integration of these [ gm ] technologies into our agribusiness will be essential for the future ," peacock told abc radio today . he acknowledges there are many concerns in the community about gm food and crops but hopes this will change as people understand the benefits of the technology . professor ian lowe , head of the australian conservation foundation and emeritus professor at griffith university , says it is appropriate that a distinguished scientist has taken up the role of chief scientist but foresees problems . " he ' s been a long - standing advocate of genetic technology so he ' s not going to be seen as neutral in the discussions about that issue ," says lowe . while labor welcomes the appointment the greens say they are " extremely disappointed " and see peacock ' s advocacy of gm as " highly divisive ". up once but will can but you here up now his under the have more most up any about from not been don myself is a yours their other itself its ourselves between them its having themselves for into that ours being i the were had such very theirs again himself other can he are she in there she myself on more only all them yours too hers their from ourselves own had have some a that doing the who whom all were his my