brain implants may turn sharks into underwater spies , says the us military the pentagon is funding research into neural implants with the ultimate hope of turning sharks into ' stealth spies ' capable of gliding undetected through the ocean , a report says . the research , outlined in this week ' s issue of new scientist builds on experimental work to control animals by implanting tiny electrodes in their brain , which are then stimulated to induce a behavioural response . " the pentagon hopes to exploit sharks ' natural ability to glide quietly through the water , sense delicate electrical gradients and follow chemical trails ," says the report . " by remotely guiding the sharks ' movements they hope to transform the animals into stealth spies , perhaps capable of following vessels without being spotted ." the project is being funded by the pentagon defense advanced research projects agency ( darpa ). scientists involved in the scheme presented their work last week at a meeting on ocean sciences in honolulu , hawaii , the report says . a team at boston university has implanted electrodes into the brain of a spiny dogfish in a shallow tank . the implants , controlled by a small radio transmitter , stimulate either the right or left side of a brain area dedicated to smell , causing the fish to flick around in that direction in response to the signal . the next step will be to take this device outside the laboratory . blue sharks implanted with the gadget are to be released off the coast of florida . as radio signals will not penetrate the sea , communications with the fish will be made through us navy acoustic towers capable of sending sonar signals to a shark up to 300 kilometres away . other darpa - funded researchers are working on using implants to record brain activity in sharks to understand which neurons are fired by scents , electrical or magnetic fields . these signals help the fish to navigate and offer the reward of food , and could thus in theory be manipulated for surveillance work . new scientist says the darpa work is controversial , but also points out that work with animal implants also has a potential benefit for medicine . understanding more about the brain ' s electrical signals could one day result in implants to control a prosthetic limb to overcome paralysis , the report says . him they yourself own nor s again them under you do does between t an during your we off don then each or other am should or their for me itself a against will there do my now herself very between if that our nor their then so they himself were then which herself being down before because here more can s more them was not whom only over both don t that is ourselves into that off doing which who after themselves some yourselves which and was on further does hers about between down by over himself both he when to into what does from my yours will don while my out when above our it a between from themselves what