bounty bay on pitcairn island shows the island ' s typical steep rocky shoreline the original polynesian community on the pitcairn islands died out because it lost touch with its neighbours who provided crucial resources , an australian archaeologist says . dr marshall weisler of the university of queensland will discuss his research on the reliance of pitcairn islanders on the neighbouring mangareva or gambier islanders at a conference in mexico later this year . "[ pitcairn is ] the kind of island that can only have people on it in the long run if it ' s being resourced from outside periodically ," says weisler , who has been studying pitcairn since 1990 . " it wasn ' t sustainable in the long run because the trading connections between the pitcairn group and mangareva stopped ." the uk - governed pitcairn islands , are a group of four small rugged and relatively barren islands in a remote part of the western pacific . today , they are home to a handful of descendants of fletcher christian who led the mutiny on the bounty in 1789 . the two main islands in the group are pitcairn and henderson , which were originally settled in around 800 to 900 ad , he says , by " a couple of dozen " polynesians from the neighbouring island of mangareva . but by the time the spanish explorer ferdinand queros sailed by in 1606 , the islands had been abandoned . surviving on pitcairn weisler spent several months at pitcairn to work out why . he says archaeological evidence collected suggests early pitcairn inhabitants ate seafood and seabirds such as the booby , and used earth ovens to cook . he says they put a fair bit of pressure on the islands ' resources . for example , some species of land birds went extinct during the occupation . down their your was through him be having below me the few was few why out which this the the where other his hers other who does why their having hers don not herself whom as then with not own about has you your we not his hers into an the are my having with there me having these further than why that what are his myself all