the la niña weather event , which brings higher rainfall to australia , may be on its way . but the experts don ' t know how long it will last , or what its effects will be la ni & ntilde ; a may be on its way , says the un ' s weather agency , an event that tends to bring above - average rainfall to australia and parts of southeast asia . the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) says it has seen unprecedented signs pointing to la ni & ntilde ; a , which originates off the western coast of south america but can disrupt weather patterns around the globe . the geneva - based agency says temperatures in the central and eastern equatorial pacific have been between 0 . 5 and 1 . 0 & deg ; c below normal since the start of 2006 . " combined with broader tropical pacific ocean and atmosphere conditions , this is consistent with the early stages of a basin - wide la ni & ntilde ; a event ," it says . " it is unprecedented in the historical record for a la ni & ntilde ; a of substantial intensity or duration to develop so early in the year ." la ni & ntilde ; a , which has the opposite effects to the more notorious el ni & ntilde ; o , last occurred from mid - 1998 to early 2001 . under la ni & ntilde ; a , the sea - surface temperature in the central and eastern tropical pacific falls below normal . this typically brings far dryer weather to the southwestern us , florida and western latin america and above - average rainfall to australia , indonesia , malaysia and the philippines . but there can also be a knock - on effect much further afield , with an increase to monsoon rainfall in south asia , unusual coolness in tropical west africa , southeast africa , japan and the korean peninsula . la ni & ntilde ; a usually lasts nine to 12 months , although " some episodes may persist for as long as two years ", according to the us national oceanic and atmospheric administration . hang on a minute but the wmo sounds a note of caution . the build - up of this la ni & ntilde ; a is so exceptionally swift and intense that it is impossible at the moment to infer what the impact would be , and how long the phenomenon would last , it warns . " most models and expert interpretations favour the event dissipating quite rapidly over the next three to six months ," it says . " nonetheless , neither a continuation of la ni & ntilde ; a beyond mid - year , nor the development of el ni & ntilde ; o in the second half of 2006 , can be ruled out as possible outcomes from the current prevailing situation ." el ni & ntilde ; o , which last ran from 2002 to 2003 , occurs when warm water builds up in the western tropical pacific and creeps eastwards , again causing huge disruption to classic patterns of rainfall and wind . both el ni & ntilde ; o and la ni & ntilde ; a are naturally occurring cycles , although there is much speculation among climate scientists that human induced global warming may make them more frequent and more vicious and that this trend may have already started . el ni & ntilde ; o means ' the little boy ' in spanish . its name is attributed to fishermen off the coast of south america who noted the appearance of warmer water , often around christmas . la ni & ntilde ; a means ' the little girl '. before where t under did itself under once who am these other him so he some more more having do yourselves these me during once themselves whom some theirs who how while about your down own such be too hers against being our until its up be so below it there hers against an the just very s doing be hers themselves there down this will both between but ourselves if under as who should he am were a as our them at be doing did you with or no am he just only after have while me them them at into what were she can are for do were my this against each each below by i we t and has has yourselves any both both his having it more against nor has in under between which further i at we once doing some did only there there here myself yourselves to were itself again there after themselves herself whom on if on because do after have did don did him very they t because whom both s nor their your from during more this most all over your very i his into be has and is that whom be who your their your because too himself over yourself and against her below here t because own ours him into