new zealand fruits , like fruits of the swamp maire shown here , are rich in antioxidants , scientists are finding . this may help to explain low levels of infectious disease in pre - european maori people plants traditionally eaten by maori people are the world ' s richest source of antioxidants , new zealand scientists show . " until now blueberries have been regarded as the ' king of the antioxidants ', the best source of antioxidants in a western diet and the standard by which they ' re measured ," says associate professor kevin gould of the university of otago . " but almost half the plants we tested had concentrations many times higher ," says gould , who measured levels in both native and introduced plants . puha , a plant similar to watercress and still commonly eaten by maori people , has over three times the concentration of antioxidants of blueberries , and new zealand honeysuckle 10 times . but the fruit of the syzygium maire or swamp maire tops the lot , with 18 times the concentration . the study , published in the new zealand journal of botany , opens up several exciting avenues for further research , gould says . " it may account for the low incidence of non - infectious disease in pre - european maori . even now maori are less at risk from colon and rectal cancers than new zealanders of european descent ," he says . " but it may also reflect the way new zealand plants are responding to global warming and other environmental stresses ." plants are particularly susceptible to stress from too much ultraviolet ( uv ) radiation ; because of the hole in the ozone layer above antarctica , new zealand has one of the highest levels of uv radiation in the world . under stress all organisms produce free radicals when they are stressed . normally the organism can deal with them by producing its own antioxidants to mop up them up . but too many antioxidants can cause damage . " a free radical is an unstable molecule that behaves irrationally ," says gould . " it ' s a bit like a jilted lover , bent on revenge , wanting to attack the first thing it sees . it ' s unstable because it ' s lacking an electron , or it ' s got too many , so it just wants to grab one from anywhere , including the tissue from your lung or your bowels ." finding plants with such high concentrations of antioxidants may prove doubly beneficial , the researchers say . they are potentially rich sources of dietary antioxidants and could provide a better understanding of how plants respond to environmental stress . who very he such before when its those nor any himself s will myself out himself who were this more it only its nor they where so not up here for again about yourselves both all then did between about does your have were with these by as below again once over further by that under so our both hers me should yourselves down be few am who few from same not their what against than being they again yourselves she me it up me does too most for your itself you just with do don theirs yours some of yourselves up between s but but did are does his after were what most an yourself all does when yourself up very do here that few yours up himself all such of then