do you metabolise caffeine quickly or slowly ? the answer could tell you about your risk of having a heart attack a gene that controls how fast your body breaks down caffeine might explain why some people can get away with drinking lots of coffee and others can ' t , new research suggests . people with a genetic variation linked with slow caffeine metabolism are more likely to have a nonfatal heart attack , the researchers write today in the journal of the american medical association . the researchers looked at 4024 people who lived in coffee - rich costa rica between 1994 and 2004 . half had had a nonfatal heart attack , and half had not . they found that slightly more than half had the slow version of the gene while the others had the fast form . " we found in individuals who had the slow version of this gene , as little as two cups of coffee a day is associated with an increased risk of heart disease ," says study author dr ahmed el - sohemy of the university of toronto . for those with the slow - acting gene , two to three cups of coffee a day increased their odds of a heart attack by 36 %, and four or more cups a day increased the risk by 64 %, the study says . " for those who had the fast version of the gene , there was no increased risk , even with four or more cups a day ," he says . " surprisingly , what we found was that in individuals under 50 years of age who were fast metabolisers ... consumption of as little as one to three cups a day was associated with a lower risk of heart disease ." those with the fast - acting gene who drank two to three cups of coffee a day had 22 % reduced odds of having a heart attack , but drinking four or more cups a day lessened the risk by 1 %, the study found . " initially we thought that individuals who had the slow version of this gene might drink less caffeine because it stays in their system longer ," el - sohemy says . " but what we found is that regardless of the version of the gene that the person had , it did not affect how much caffeine they consumed ." breaking down caffeine in the liver the enzyme cytochrome p450 1a2 is responsible for metabolising caffeine in the liver . and variations of the gene for this enzyme can slow down or speed up caffeine metabolism . " an individual cannot predict whether or not they have the slow or fast version of the gene , because although they can feel the effects of caffeine on the nervous system , they cannot feel the effects on their blood vessels ," el - sohemy says . since tests to determine which form of the gene you carry are not readily available and you cannot feel how fast your body is getting rid of caffeine , the study ' s authors recommended reining in coffee consumption to no more than four cups a day . previous studies have offered conflicting findings about the health effects of coffee , and el - sohemy notes other chemicals in coffee may play a role . " of all the studies that have been conducted to date that looked at the effects of either coffee or caffeine on heart disease , none of them have taken into account genetic differences in the ability to break down caffeine ," el - sohemy says . " we are approaching the era of personalised dietary advice ." s such yourselves does has does off if her she herself its our above been doing by they theirs own were yourselves now hers if this am yourself what some does am themselves they out him whom few very than i of will that its in very now below because s off a up against are am few being once her out yourselves the herself don will just herself when at once during are up we about his we can an before in ourselves by his which those theirs here what t so as his until