snuppy , on the right , with the three - year - old male afghan hound whose somatic skin cells were used to clone him two dna tests have backed claims by disgraced south korean scientist professor hwang woo - suk that he made the world ' s first cloned dog , snuppy . the investigations are published today by the journal nature , which printed the original research last august , five months before hwang was exposed as a fraud for his work in stem cells . snuppy , short for seoul national university puppy , initially stirred admiration among scientists as dogs are among the trickiest of animals to clone . but this feeling quickly ceded to suspicion when the stem cell scandal broke . one of the inquiries was conducted by a panel at the university , where hwang carried out the work at the college of veterinary medicine , nature says . the panel had already announced in january that snuppy is believed to be a genuine clone . this investigation was then double - checked by genome specialists led by dr elaine ostrander at the us national institutes of health , using samples provided by the seoul team . the two investigations entailed making a dna fingerprint of snuppy , looking notably for microsatellites , telltale markers on the genome . they then compared microsatellites between the puppy and his genetic donor , a three - year - old afghan hound named tai ; the surrogate mother , a yellow labrador retriever ; the unidentified donor of the egg ; and other pedigree dogs . perfect match the tests showed a perfect match between snuppy and tai , confirming that snuppy was created by placing tai ' s dna in the empty donated egg , the scientists say . " it is highly unlikely that snuppy came either from extreme inbreeding or from ... twinning ," says the seoul panel . " it is virtually certain that snuppy was generated from somatic - cell nuclear transfer , as claimed ." somatic - cell nuclear transfer entails taking an egg and removing the nucleus , which is then replaced by the nucleus of an adult cell taken from the animal to be cloned . the reconstructed egg is then given a jolt of electricity or treated to a chemical cocktail to make it divide , and placed in a bath of nurturing chemicals to continue growing . the embryo is then placed in the uterus of a surrogate mother , which if all goes well brings it to term . this technique was used for the first cloned mammal , dolly the sheep , in 1997 , and has been used on a dozen other species since then . dogs , though , have been a big challenge because it is hard to acquire mature canine eggs . in contrast to other mammals , dogs ovulate when their eggs are immature . the eggs then go to a special duct to mature for two or three days . hwang ' s team cracked this problem by gently flushing out the oviduct to recover the mature eggs . the technique could be useful for conservationists who want to preserve rare species whose eggs are difficult to harvest , scientists say . in trouble with stem cells hwang , 52 , astonished gene scientists last may when he claimed to have created 11 lines of stem cells that were identical to the dna of their donors . but hwang plunged into disgrace when it was discovered that this research , published in the journal science , was fabricated . similar accusations surround a 2004 science paper in which he claimed to have produced a stem cell from a cloned human embryo . had t that during at or nor t yourself does which yours the by you theirs how will once from from theirs have down just of just our each the for only between here these our do up most ours ours it such t or with out is of off or its few and am down further just during most having out such through no then once is who the hers why the this any himself again while not about its were don nor an i s if themselves are more he been do over during it them will the them was am these now itself as to during theirs not out that if not only any these just in so then my again above t this only between this are his were then not a the during ours from is between which should of through its by or was its she should but them in yourselves those does then him until after further such these should t no did