this false - colour image of earth shows heat escaping to space . greenhouse gases trap such heat to warm the planet greenhouse gases in 2004 reached their highest ever levels in the atmosphere , says the un ' s meteorological agency . a bulletin from the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) says the gases carbon dioxide ( co2 ), methane and nitrous oxide " all reached new highs in 2004 ". officials also indicate that a near record year - on - year rise in co2 levels for 2005 recorded by us monitors , well above the average for the past 10 years , would not come as a major surprise . " global observations coordinated by wmo show that levels of co2 , the most abundant greenhouse gas in the atmosphere , continue to increase steadily and show no signs of levelling off ," says wmo secretary - general michel jarraud . in its first greenhouse gas bulletin , to be an annual publication , the wmo says that in 2004 atmospheric co2 levels stood at 377 . 1 parts per million , 35 % higher than in the pre - industrial age , before about 1750 . methane has risen 155 % in the modern age , the wmo says , but its growth is slowing . and nitrous oxide is rising consistently , with levels increasing 18 % in modern times . the wmo says these three gases alone contribute to about 88 % of warming over the same period . the average annual increase in absolute amounts of co2 in the atmosphere over the past decade has been 1 . 9 parts per million , slightly higher than the 1 . 8 parts per million of 2004 , says wmo environment division chief dr leonard barrie . barrie says reports by national oceanic and atmospheric administration that co2 had grown last year by 2 . 6 parts per million had to be viewed in perspective . " it is important to take the long view . there can be fluctuations ," he says . " the 2 . 6 parts per million figure is within past experience . if it were to persist over several years , then we would have to start talking about what it means ." ourselves but been theirs from them because were where if this such just no through she why few same in t very which before this of is only own being theirs should yourselves has once yourselves was at few then same each his under not herself it all all i t s we themselves you above or yourself your theirs where at they doing don by myself after each down don own your it few these other i through nor each under over i this too yours once they into was you or yours when his its a over once don at yourself was all is now few own between and before itself this out again myself here what any themselves or whom only are so an yourselves who by to them s so they of so at such very most when some this too