recurrent miscarriages could be prevented if women prone to thrombophilia are given the correct treatment , new research finds women who have had recurrent miscarriages should be checked for a tendency to develop blood clots as treating the condition halves their risk of further pregnancy loss , a new study has found . australian researchers followed 220 couples who had had at least three miscarriages . they found that screening the women for thrombophilia , a tendency to develop blood clots , and giving them prophylactic anti - thrombotic therapy halved their future chances of losing a pregnancy . professor of obstetrics and gynaecology at the university of adelaide , gus dekker , says the women were screened for thrombophilia , insulin resistance and elevated homocysteine levels . " we found that if you do nothing , these women can expect a 30 % to 35 % chance of a further miscarriage ," he says . " but if you treat them , the pregnancy loss rate is halved to 15 %. there is light on the horizon for women who have recurrent miscarriages as proper analysis and treatment can increase the chance of having a healthy baby from 70 % to 85 %." anti - thrombotic therapy includes aspirin plus low molecular weight heparin . treatment for elevated levels of homocysteine , which is another risk factor for clotting , is vitamins including folate and vitamin b12 . professor dekker presented findings at the recent human reproductive health through the ages conference in adelaide . he says the data , literature and the researchers ' own experience indicate that screening identified major risk factors in 50 - 60 % of recurrent miscarriage cases . " we can modify most of these risk factors such as insulin resistance and thrombophilias ," he says . he advises these women should be referred to an obstetrician with a special interest in the area . dekker says women who had had three miscarriages or women in their mid - 30s who had had two , and did not have a condition known as a blighted ovum , could be referred . women with a personal or family history of thrombophilia could also be referred , as could women with a history of pre - eclampsia or unexplained preterm birth . " most thrombophilias affect the early development of the placental circulation so treatment to prevent thrombosis and possibly provide an anti - inflammatory effect , can stop the process ," he says . why yourself those both will their he was before of more can is what about the our if itself an was him about by having again me him yourself themselves doing so its then being why having no these once ourselves same that where these an while has after just for did and before does few both if during it not what against s s were this until doing yourselves each a am until no that where until she having where were they again having don been how me here because that been a no am s ourselves nor him s should yours very these an