supermarket databases could be vulnerable to virus attacks , causing chaos at the checkout cheap radio chips that are replacing the ubiquitous barcode are a threat to privacy and susceptible to computer viruses , scientists say . and a deliberate virus attack could potentially cause chaos at airports and supermarkets . researchers at amsterdam ' s free university created a radio frequency identity ( rfid ) chip infected with a virus to prove that rfid systems are vulnerable despite their extremely low memory capacity . the problem is that an infected rfid tag , which is read wirelessly when it passes through a scanning gate , can upset the database that processes the information on the chip , say the study authors . " everyone working on rfid technology has tacitly assumed that the mere act of scanning an rfid tag cannot modify back - end software and certainly not in a malicious way . unfortunately , they are wrong ," they say . " an rfid tag can be infected with a virus and this virus can infect the back - end database used by the rfid software . from there it can be easily spread to other rfid tags ." as a result , they say , it is possible that criminals or militants could use an infected rfid tag to upset airline baggage handling systems with potentially devastating consequences . the same technology could also be used to wreak havoc with the databases used by supermarkets . " this is intended as a wake - up call . we ask the rfid industry to design systems that are secure ," says author professor andrew tanenbaum . with rfid , anything from shampoo bottles to marathon runners can be tracked using radio tags . civil liberty groups say rfid could lead to an unacceptable invasion of privacy and argue that airline ticket information could be used by law enforcement agencies and divorce lawyers . industries in which tracking goods is crucial such as pharmaceuticals , governments , logistics , airlines and manufacturing already use rfid technology . did between itself did t but was a in yours your in off should down yours what the myself both having very theirs having where can only is is himself both about which what where do hers what until his such you at where was they through for himself under both after had did am any she me off myself about with only were this yourself my his other from once an only t did before been yours than your so where or of her both out than by other they when does just those your its theirs while here had about is against your of some all i with same