the deep sea is rich in unusual creatures that biotech companies are keen to exploit . this hydrothermal vent , for example , is home to riftia tubeworms mussels and scavenging crabs biotechnology companies are profiting from living resources found in the deep ocean without laws to ensure their actions are sustainable and fair , says an australian environmental lawyer . dr david leary of macquarie university in sydney says his research has revealed there are six companies selling products derived from the deep ocean and another eight developing them . " they are the main players in the biotech industry ; they ' re north american and european companies ," he says . leary says while international laws cover mining in the deep sea , no - one is mining there yet . "[ but ] we have bioprospecting and exploitation of the genetic resources of the deep sea , beyond national jurisidiction ," says leary , who describes the deep sea as one of the world ' s last remaining commons . " people are making a profit now ," he says . leary says national scientific research organisations in japan , france , us , russia , australia , canada and new zealand are also involved in bioprospecting in the deep sea . he says biotech companies rely on these public organisations for access to deep - sea resources because the companies don ' t own the specialised equipment needed to explore the deep sea . " what is difficult , because of commercial confidentiality , is getting a handle on how close industry is to government science ," says leary . cosmetics , drugs , industrial enzymes he says there are 37 patents , filed in europe and the us , on derivatives of deep - sea organisms . there are cosmetics on sale derived from microbes that survive in extreme environments found deep below the surface of the ocean , says leary , and enzymes from the same source are used in industrial processes and research . a french government agency is currently testing a bone - healing drug also made from these extremophiles , he says . and there is research into developing artificial blood from the haemoglobin of tubeworms found around deep - sea hydrothermal vents . there is also research on chemicals from corals on deep - sea mounts , says leary . t between hers did herself out hers having there do just or with its at we other such do can those through itself few those him but himself nor these his when itself them am have again don both why during their such too your don further their very ours once further does have doing your t not have nor are him have hers does than is himself was any what the why myself and them just they out is for its how don up these ours of because if be their were some is they both itself those to now having and why should about those being until has between an up above other over up they other and why during down so here into through no ours myself after down with