will bird flu vaccines be out of date by the time they are ready for use ? the h5n1 bird flu in humans has evolved into two separate strains , a development that will complicate the search for a vaccine and the prevention of a pandemic , us researchers report . the genetic diversification of the pool of h5n1 avian influenza viruses with the potential to cause a human influenza pandemic heightens the need for careful surveillance , researchers said at the international conference on emerging infectious diseases in atlanta . " back in 2003 we only had one genetically distinct population of h5n1 with the potential to cause a human pandemic . now we have two ," says dr rebecca garten of the us centers for disease control ( cdc ), who helped to conduct the study . one of the two strains , or clades , made people sick in vietnam , cambodia and thailand in 2003 and 2004 and the second , a cousin of the first , caused the disease in people in indonesia in 2005 . two clades may share the same ancestor but are genetically distinct , as are different clades , or strains , of hiv , the team from the cdc found . " this does complicate vaccine development . but we are moving very swiftly to develop vaccines against this new group of viruses ," says dr nancy cox , chief of the cdc ' s influenza branch . the h5n1 strain of bird flu has spread across europe , africa and parts of asia and killed nearly 100 people worldwide and infected about 180 since it reemerged in 2003 . although it is difficult to catch bird flu , people can become infected if they come into close contact with infected birds . scientists fear the virus could mutate into a form that could pass easily between humans , triggering a pandemic in which millions could die . transmission from human to human ? all influenza viruses mutate easily , and h5n1 appears to be no exception . but cox says the evolution of a second clade does not move the virus closer to human - to - human transmission . " like the group one or clade one viruses , the group two or clade two viruses are not easily transmitted from person to person ," she says . " it really doesn ' t take us closer to a pandemic . it simply makes preparing for the pandemic a bit more difficult ." the us department of health and human services has already recognised the two strains and approved the development of a second h5n1 vaccine based on the second clade . several companies are working on h5n1 vaccines experimentally , although current formulations are not expected to protect very well , if at all , against any pandemic strain . a vaccine against a pandemic flu strain would have to be formulated using the actual virus passing from person to person . partial protection researchers say while vaccines were needed against different strains of the virus , a vaccination against one clade could provide partial protection against another . " we would expect the priming [ of a patient ] with a clade one [ vaccine ] could potentially reduce the severity of disease ," cox says . for their study , garten and colleagues analysed more than 300 h5n1 virus samples taken from both infected birds and people from 2003 through the northern hemisphere summer of 2005 . garten says the bird flu strains being detected in europe are generally clade two strains . do below up above their they own we below after same yours few we each his of during its no me t been than i few doing by out s you had below hers should here such because against at themselves that i himself all how if i by for as once him whom their an not where s for doing they had own an again them will down after again should through some i herself those few will those from after me where at they those hers over no ourselves where them once during some who yourself ours only into they where there at him itself more did both being here doing them who because is hers t few yours hers same above each no too has for from t don nor each i above this him against into as has or what where just i she your himself this where each you our they on through will after as were until did over on before other any that her if