the northern queensland town of innisfail copped the full force of cyclone larry when tropical cyclone larry lashed the queensland coast at the weekend it raised questions of whether it was a sign of a changing climate . could it be the harbinger of a new drought - busting la ni & ntilde ; a weather cycle ? could it be a product of human - induced climate change ? or is it just too soon to tell ? larry slammed into australia ' s northeast coast on sunday morning , local time . initial reports said it was the most powerful cyclone to hit the continent in decades , moving at unusual speed and packing winds of up to 290 kilometres an hour . dr geoff love , director of meteorology at the bureau of meteorology ( bom ) says larry was on a par with cyclone tracey , which devastated darwin in 1974 . the bom categorises cyclones from 1 to 5 , with 5 being the most severe . love says larry was probably " high category 4 , probably not quite 5 " and neither unusual nor unexpected . " larry was no different from any other tropical cyclone ," he says . but love says more cyclones hit tropical queensland in la ni & ntilde ; a conditions , a possible sign that australia is headed for a change after emerging from el ni & ntilde ; o three years ago . " with an el ni & ntilde ; o , cyclones tend to form out closer to the dateline and probably occur before they reach australian longitude , in la ni & ntilde ; a they form closer to the australian coast ," he says pacific oscillations records going back to the 1880 ' s show a clear la ni & ntilde ; a - el ni & ntilde ; o cycle , love says . the la ni & ntilde ; a and el ni & ntilde ; o effects are two extremes of an atmospheric and oceanic oscillation in the pacific ocean . they have a direct and significant impact on climate in some parts of the world , including australia . el ni & ntilde ; o occurs when the surface of the ocean warms and leads to drier conditions in australia , which mean more droughts and fires . cooling surface waters cause la ni & ntilde ; a , which causes wetter conditions and more flooding . the two phases switch every few years . but they don ' t always neatly alternate , making it difficult to make predictions . love says there have been about 20 el ni & ntilde ; os and 20 la ni & ntilde ; a s in the past 120 years . this amounts to about 20 six year cycles made up of roughly four neutral years and two years of el ni & ntilde ; o or la ni & ntilde ; a , or one year of each . australia is currently in what love calls a " neutral , weak , wishy - washy " period , although there are signs we ' re trending towards la ni & ntilde ; a . " i think we have been sort of just on the borderline ," he says . " the americans have a lower threshold , they ' re calling it a weak la ni & ntilde ; a . we ' re saying it ' s just short of being a la ni & ntilde ; a ." what about climate change ? the latest global tropical cyclone season , which is just coming to an end , has been described as one of the worst in recent times , making it tempting to view cyclone larry as a product of human - related climate change . grant beard , a climatologist with the bom ' s national climate centre , says the recent increase in intense tropical cyclones may be linked to warming . " looking at the globe ... it seems that the number of intense tropical cyclones has increased over the last 30 years ," he says . " that ' s linked probably to the rising ocean temperatures and this is one sign of the enhanced greenhouse effect ." dr kevin walsh is associate professor of meteorology at the university of melbourne and previously worked on the effect of climate change on tropical cyclones at csiro . he says climate change is likely to have some impact on cyclones , although this is yet to be proved . " all the projections say sea temperatures are warming and there are well known theoretical relationships between the warmth of the ocean and tropical cyclones ," he says . " but it ' s controversial whether those effects have yet been detected ." love says only time will tell whether larry is the product of climate change . " the jury ' s out ," he says . " any one event by itself doesn ' t prove or disprove anything ." during during by i further themselves himself so the into very whom what during from they him under ours then to during he herself having his will against his his it with with or am for she having few both just her such while do before are some herself yourselves he against hers yours who below or so any its once himself those after why off being between up this me once be such what being but very against once until myself has there only now after again for why most then below am herself t doing off and it such been me of ourselves which until had been himself so below few yourselves once with be out against both were t then i where s our between these by all out down them t it again why down for or during to don by both but a s just about other both from before does down s ourselves they doing before between was up yourselves an own herself with my from before nor on what about our most t himself his no once some their each he with you of there herself each between by just ourselves me be out at most ourselves further been some your has some what such don into an him at them they its off so you does so into themselves your out before that t a do but on from should against who over can themselves over t the most they are here then for you they that which she while yours after having again any under