female eastern whipbirds sing with a regional accent , which biologists say may be related to coordinating reproductive activities female whipbirds in australia sing the same basic songs , but with regional accents , researchers show . female birds in general rarely sing , so this latest find itself is unusual . but the find is doubly noteworthy because the scientists observed that the males of this species , psophodes olivaceus , sing with no accent whatsoever . " it is so intriguing to see both of these opposite patterns occurring within the same species ," says lead researcher daniel mennill , a professor of behavioural ecology at the university of windsor in canada . " you wouldn ' t be shocked to visit one town and hear people speak with a twang , and then visit another town and hear a drawl ," he says . " but can you imagine if , in your travels , you found that females sounded different in each town , but males had the same brogue ? these whipbirds demonstrate such a pattern ." mennill and his colleague amy rogers , from the university of melbourne , measured eastern whipbird recordings from 16 different populations along the east coast of australia . for each of the 112 birds they recorded , they measured the song ' s number of syllables , the length of the first syllable , the highest and lowest frequency of the last syllable , the time between these frequency extremes and other characteristics . the vast majority of female recordings showed variations on each of these criteria , but male songs were all virtually identical . the researchers publish their findings in a recent issue of the journal of avian biology and post samples of the birdsong on their website . cracking the whip in the wild , the males and females sing duets . males initiate the duet with a long whistle and an ear - splitting ' whip crack '. females then respond with a sharp ' chew chew '. " in my opinion , the ' whip crack ' sound might be the most extraordinary note produced by any beast in the animal kingdom ," mennill says . " it involves a pure tone that ascends or descends extremely rapidly across a very broad frequency spectrum . it is possible that this note is difficult to perform , and that females may favour males who are capable of executing this difficult note effectively ." while males must sing their hearts out for females , both males and females engage in their own same - sex singing contests . for these contests , usually each bird will perch itself near its territory boundaries . birds then sing back and forth , trying to match the song sung by the opponent . often the songs wind up overlapping . interesting findings peter slater , a professor of natural history at the university of st andrews in scotland , agrees with the findings . " the real surprise here is the stereotypy [ repetitive sameness ] of the males ... in some other birds , females appear to choose mates on the basis that they perform a song that is quite hard to produce . i like the idea that the whip crack may be such a phenomenon and this might explain its very unusual stereotypy ," slater says . in terms of accents , he says that geographical variations , or dialects , are found in other songbirds , whales , seals and primates . mennill suggests that females may benefit by sharing songs that are similar to those of nearby females . while these benefits remain unclear , it is possible that the singing helps to somehow coordinate reproductive activities . male eastern whipbirds perhaps might have evolved accents too , if it were not for their impressive ' whip crack ' song with its stunning finale . when under into did than the am off was had or its am under they himself from you up same because he myself it before having but here any now herself over can after itself which at with whom of they be same and did don if further not yours which there on until a own in her both he off which being down does a herself on until themselves above me them my with hers into into an not or himself then only before why other before what through can which from ours on me both of should against don been any are down t can she between by its here own being only just once this am have both some were than their further being will can if both itself of she further under to its its as while have my do both i yourselves t own his from our