the technique may one - day be used to search earthquake rubble for survivors , the researchers say a laser - like beam of light shone at a unique solid makes the material appear to disappear , according to a new study . the effect , reported in a recent issue of the journal nature materials , occurs at infrared light wavelengths , so it can ' t be seen with the human eye . "[ but ] if it worked in the visible light with molecules that make up your hand , when the laser hit your hand , your hand would go transparent ," says team member professor chris phillips , a physicist at imperial college london . " and then if you turned the laser up a little more , the scene you ' d see through your hand would become brighter ," as the effect amplifies light in the beam , he says . phillips and his colleagues from the university of neuch & acirc ; tel , switzerland , think the method could one day work in visible light and lead to new technologies that help see through rubble to search for victims at a disaster site or observe internal body parts obscured by bone . the scientists accomplished their feat with materials used to make semiconductor chips . normally , electrons that make up atoms in these materials interact with light beams in a benign way . but phillips and his team re - engineered the material to contain artificial atoms , specially patterned crystals a few billionths of a metre long . because the atoms are artificial , the scientists could adjust the activity of the electrons , which have wavelike characteristics . when the light beam was shone onto the material , it influenced the wavelike patterns of the electrons inside the artificial atoms so that they cancelled each other out and created a new , transparent material that was half matter and half light . the scientists went on to amplify the light beam , even though 80 % of the artificial atoms stayed in a state of so - called low excitation . this contradicts a theory posed by albert einstein that says in order to amplify the light in a laser beam , the majority of the atoms must be in state of high excitation . " they have shown this can now be implemented in a solid - state medium , which could be very important for more practical applications ," says lene vestergaard hau , professor of applied physics at harvard university . in the future , the researchers aim to become better at controlling and amplifying the light beam so that they may not need a specially patterned structure to make the see - through effect work . me him do he theirs with then at should can from a at its be ourselves such had down after over out against am of few these yours t why ourselves on be into why can the he do are has had you myself you same under through what with too all yourselves such don itself were or this ourselves very with his to does again who are s is being while then how an both do through further both too below hers too you off the where against such an are what does off what does an over not and while hers hers has and where up s who in other did some