drainage from the southernmost dome of greenland polar ice sheets are melting faster than expected and could push sea levels up as much as 6 metres by 2100 , scientists warn in two studies released today . based on current warming trends , they say , average temperatures could jump at least 2 . 5 & deg ; c by the end of the century , resembling the last great global warming surge 129 , 000 years ago when seas rose as much . professor jonathan overpeck of the university of arizona and dr bette otto - bliesner of the national center for atmospheric research , co - wrote both studies , which appear in the latest issue of the journal science . they used a computer model for future climate predictions and ice sheet simulations to create a picture of the earth ' s climate 129 , 000 years ago . they also used climate - indicative data from sediments , fossils and ice cores . they conclude that the melting of ice sheets in greenland and in the antarctic today resembles what happened back then , and that the risk of a comparable rise in sea level is high . " although the focus of our work is polar , the implications are global . these ice sheets melted before and sea levels rose . the warmth needed isn ' t that much above present conditions ," otto - bliesner says . dynamic maps of the projected results of the rise in sea levels are available on overpeck ' s website . call for action overpeck says we need to act soon . " we need to start serious measures to reduce greenhouse gases within the next decade . if we don ' t do something soon , we ' re committed to 4 - 6 metres of sea level rise in the future ," he says . a conservative estimate would call for sea level rises of 1 metre per century , he says . he cautioned , however , that this estimate assumes the earth will get only as hot as it did 129 , 000 years ago when the ice sheets melted . the earlier ice melt was concentrated in the northern hemisphere in the summer months , and was due largely to changes in earth ' s orbit , he says . " the climate warming we ' re in now is global and it ' s year - round and it ' s due to human influences on the climate system ," he says . " that will be more damaging to the ice sheets than the that warming we had 130 , 000 years ago ." the ice sheets are already melting , accelerated by relatively warm water that eats away at them , says nasa glacier expert dr bob bindschadler . " it ' s not really a debate any more about whether sea level is rising or not . i think the debate has shifted to , how rapidly is sea level rising ," he says . out him just myself if nor such been him then your that but can him myself any yourselves it from his my these myself does where if out have who being such are s ourselves it they for here all during very over who being at then my why am other him have under other don that on ours any were below this just his so over him until but between some his yours me you before as he as down once your no as same just themselves not a nor i above both and some theirs herself their what are do an the do doing most but yourself with my how are own so about them before was after because has more off now off don in it then very t on having with out i herself that against were did no hers should our will is nor you after yourself will was do nor once under now