if this research applies to humans , scientists might have another source of stem cells scientists have isolated sperm - producing stem cells from adult mice that have similar properties to embryonic stem cells . if the same type of cells in humans show similar qualities the german researchers believe the cells could be used in stem cell research . this would remove the ethical dilemma associated with stem cells derived from human embryos . " these isolated spermatogonial stem cells respond to culture conditions and acquire embryonic stem cell properties ," say professor gerd hasenfuss and his colleagues from the georg - august - university of g & ouml ; ttingen online in the journal nature . stem cells are master cells that have the potential to develop into any cell type in the body . and some scientists believe they could act as a type of repair system to provide new therapies for illnesses ranging from diabetes to parkinson ' s . but their use is controversial because some scientits say the most promising stem cells for treating human disease are derived from very early human embryos left over from fertility treatments . in the report hasenfuss and his team describe how they isolated the sperm - producing stem cells from mice testes . the cells , which they call multipotent adult germline stem cells , under certain conditions , act like embryonic stem cells . when the researchers injected the cells into early embryos they found the cells contributed to the development of different organs . intruiging , but more work needed professor chris higgins , the director of the uk ' s medical research council clinical sciences centre , says the possibility of using the cells as an alternative to embryonic stem cells for therapy is intriguing . " however , much more research is required before the similarities and differences between these testes cells and embryonic stem cells are understood , and before their potential for use in therapy can be properly assessed ," he says . dr stephen minger , a stem cell biologist at kings college london , describes the findings as " pretty amazing " but says more research is needed . " we would need to replicate this in humans , just because it works in a mouse doesn ' t necessarily mean it will also work in people ," he says . should then can from yourself under that yours down more over out t during through them for will under by had we not him a her those at yourselves through on some being a does had between can own at any to who so was over further his a under no there they when in those during am then theirs these other him the will before if these any all after when than they between then the before then that under ourselves myself against for itself when been on s each him up only but once whom own nor was was again has some through while where again into further was each this between whom if with is now up than if few them