chatting on a mobile phone before sleep affects the electrical activity of your brain radiation from mobile phones stimulates brain activity in the early stages of sleep even after you ' ve finished using the phone , an australian study shows . associate professor andrew wood from the brain sciences institute at melbourne ' s swinburne university says his study also found that exposure to electromagnetic radiation from mobile phones can reduce levels of the hormone melatonin , which is connected to the body ' s sleep - wake cycle . but the study , reported in the international journal of radiation biology , says it ' s premature to conclude that talking on your mobile phone before bed will get in the way of a good night ' s sleep . alpha waves the study ' s 55 participants received 30 minutes of mobile phone radiation , or 30 minutes of ' sham ' radiation , on successive sunday nights before being tucked into bed . wood found that exposure to mobile phone radiation resulted in heightened alpha - wave activity in the brain . alpha waves are associated with relaxation and daydreaming but normally disappear with sleep . " we found that in the first hour or so after getting to sleep that there was a significant change in one of the parameters of brain activity , that is the amount of alpha waves in the brain wave patterns ," he says . the increase occurred in the first non - rem period of the night , when subjects had drifted off but before they were in deep sleep . australian sleep specialist professor leon lack , from flinders university in adelaide , says this could be a sign that the first non - rem period of sleep isn ' t as efficient as it could be , leaving people feeling tired when they wake up . " alpha waves are really only present when you ' re lying awake with your eyes closed trying to fall asleep ," he says . " if they are occurring during what would normally be sleep stages [ it could be ] the intrusion of some sort of wakeful brain activity at a time when it shouldn ' t be there ." melatonin researchers also tested participants ' urine for markers of the hormone melatonin , which is produced in the evening and is associated with individual sleeping and waking rhythms . wood says some participants had an increased amount of melatonin after exposure , although there was no overall increase . " some people had significantly less of this melatonin marker in their urine before they went to bed but overall the amount of melatonin didn ' t change ," he says . he says the difference was quite marked in some people , indicating there may be " a special subgroup of the population that are susceptible to the effects of mobile phone radiation ". lack says melatonin ' s role in sleep is unclear and it ' s uncertain whether having more or less affects your sleep . wood says that at this stage mobile phones don ' t seem to influence how well you sleep , unless the phones ring at all hours or you ' ve had a particularly exciting conversation . " if people are finding they can ' t sleep after using mobile phones often it ' s the content of what they ' ve been talking about that ' s the reason they can ' t sleep ," he says . again than she should don i out t who doing up any doing once your during so whom not his were should after itself by me over my s few all no once which theirs being why again again or about own myself more be its more with some was what with up why this most in i if why can again being while in can that he they during can t then both nor who yourself same me doing by too after few than these himself himself they further then which during why now more those at under any same a theirs into than from having how off yours them off these your under how her while