cockroaches make decisions as a group , new research shows cockroaches govern themselves in a very simple democracy where each insect has equal standing and group consultations precede decisions that affect the entire group , indicates a new study . the research determines that cockroach decision - making follows a predictable pattern that could explain group dynamics of other insects and animals , such as ants , spiders , fish and even cows . cockroaches are silent creatures , save perhaps for the sound of them scurrying over a countertop . they must therefore communicate without vocalising . " cockroaches use chemical and tactile communication with each other ," says dr jos & eacute ; halloy , who co - authored the research in the current proceedings of the national academy of sciences . " they can also use vision ," says halloy , a scientist in the department of social ecology at the free university of brussels in belgium . " when they encounter each other they recognise if they belong to the same colony thanks to their antennae that are ' nooses ', that is , sophisticated olfactory organs that are very sensitive ," he says . give me shelter halloy tested cockroach group behaviour by placing the insects in a dish that contained three shelters . the test was to see how the cockroaches would divide themselves into the shelters . after much " consultation ", through antenna probing , touching and more , the cockroaches divided themselves up perfectly . for example , if 50 insects were placed in a dish with three shelters , each with a capacity for 40 bugs , 25 roaches huddled together in the first shelter , 25 gathered in the second shelter , and the third was left vacant . when the researchers altered this set - up so that it had three shelters with a capacity for more than 50 insects , all the cockroaches moved into the first " house ". a delicate balance halloy and his colleagues found that a balance existed between cooperation and competition for resources . " cockroaches are gregarious insects [ that ] benefit from living in groups . it increases their reproductive opportunities , [ promotes ] sharing of resources like shelter or food , prevents desiccation by aggregating more in dry environments , etc ," he says . " so what we show is that these behavioural models allow them to optimise group size ." the models are so predictable that they could explain other insect and animal group behaviours , such as how some fish and bugs divide themselves up so neatly into subgroups , and how certain herding animals make simple decisions that do not involve leadership . important research dr david sumpter , a university of oxford zoologist , says the new study " is an excellent paper " and " important ". " it looks both at the mechanisms underlying decision - making by animals and how those mechanisms produce a distribution of animals amongst resource sites that optimises their individual fitness ," he says . " much previous research has concentrated on either mechanisms or optimality at the expense of the other ." for cockroaches , it seems , cooperation comes naturally . does than you while about themselves will him now this ours down where because few why this from not for then this so him than not being with too between his that above at can few yourself about herself when this you against below again against there against have over were during after we for of when your your will more having out i has out have any will until up before our s nor how can had then up did her doing any same has a we no its through few that in about themselves some so t there she by too above him during where which other her my until i not against did whom few such for not hers few where them up very theirs been why its you your hers have off hers