the test drug triggered a powerful immune response , leaving six trial participants seriously ill . but experts are still puzzled about what exactly happened and why animal studies gave no clue to this possible side - effect an investigation into a uk drug trial that left six men seriously ill has found no evidence to suggest there was anything wrong with the drug or the way the tests were run , a regulatory body says . in an interim report , the medicines healthcare products regulatory agency says the problem appears to be due to an unprecedented biological reaction to the drug in humans that had not been seen previously in animal tests . " our main conclusion is that there was a powerful pharmacological action of this drug in man which was not detectable in the pre - clinical studies done in the non - human primate species , even in far higher doses ," says the agency ' s chief executive professor kent woods . the drug had previously been tested on rabbits and monkeys . as a consequence , the agency will not authorise any trials for similar drugs without taking external , expert advice . " this does not mean a standstill on such research but we feel that we need additional expert advice in certain areas relating to the authorisation of those studies ," woods says . uk health secretary patricia hewitt also agreed to set up a group of international experts to examine the issue further . trial by trial six men were left seriously ill at a hospital in north london on 13 march after taking part in the clinical study to test the drug tgn 1412 , designed to treat chronic inflammatory conditions and leukaemia . of the six , five have left hospital and one is making a good recovery . in the days after the trial , two of the men were described as critically ill with organ failure . the trial was run by us drug research company parexel international corp on behalf of german company tegenero ag . at the time , parexel said it had operated within regulatory guidelines and tegenero said the response did not reflect the results obtained from initial laboratory studies . monoclonal antibodies tgn 1412 belongs to a class of drugs known as monoclonal antibodies , which specifically bind to target molecules . tgn 1412 targets and activates an immune system protein called cd28 . " this is a complex scientific issue which raises important scientific and medical questions about the potential risks associated with this type of drug and how to make the transition from pre - clinical testing to trials in humans ," the report says . the regulatory agency will now seek expert , external advice for any future phase one trials , when drugs are first tested on humans , involving monoclonal antibodies or other novel molecules targeting the immune system . woods says it is vital that they learn lessons from the trial , which he describes as a " wholly exceptional occurrence ". david webb , professor of clinical pharmacology at the university of edinburgh , says the report ' s findings could result in a change to the design of first phase trials for monoclonal antibodies . " one obvious difference might be to dose subjects sequentially rather than at the same time , which at the very least would minimise the number of subjects put at risk ," he says . other same ours about no up ours they too doing does out under you both through yours whom nor theirs those at had ours them are she and yourselves when should in me was can under had doing while own what doing of so theirs during off such before he this does should does below be up me s has doing has off how him while that did of had the will in than off below after he about hers off and himself during after yourself himself and doing below how off my she we what him nor there my now above he myself there don on its just further or t through herself with until having some some she she from will s whom above for same am now again again do had while same by a does same further my who have yours have s are out to just who does theirs ours me so s while did is does which