australopithecus anamensis fossils include teeth , upper jaws , hand and foot bones , vertebral fragments , a thigh bone and fragments of skull and jaw an international team of scientists has discovered 4 . 1 million year old fossils in eastern ethiopia that fill a missing gap in human evolution . the teeth and bones belong to a primitive species of australopithecus known as australopithecus anamensis , an ape - man creature that walked on two legs . the australopithecus genus is thought to be an ancestor of modern humans . seven separate species have been named and au . anamensis is the most primitive . " this new discovery closes the gap between the fully blown australopithecines and earlier forms we call ardipithecus ," says professor tim white , from the university of california , berkeley , who ' s team reports its find today in the journal nature . " we now know where australopithecus came from before 4 million years ago ." the fossils were unearthed in the middle awash area in the afar desert of eastern ethiopia . the area , about 230 kilometres northeast of addis ababa , has the most continuous record of human evolution , the researchers say . the remains of the hominid that had a small brain , big teeth and walked on two legs , fits into the one million - year gap between the earlier ardipithecus and au . afarensis . the famous fossil skeleton lucy , which lived between 3 . 6 and 3 . 3 million years ago and was found in 1974 , is an example of au . afarensis . " it is fair to say that some species of ardipithecus gave rise to australopithecus ," says white . fossil find the fossils from about eight individuals include the largest hominid canine found so far , the earliest known thigh bone of the species and hand and foot bones . the finding also extends the range of au . anamensis in ethiopia . previous remains of the species were found in kenya . white says the large teeth suggest the hominid could eat fibrous foods and roots , compared to earlier species of ardipithecus that had smaller teeth , which restricted their diet . along with the hominid fossils , the scientists discovered hundreds of remains of pigs , birds , rodents and monkeys as well as hyenas and big cats which gave them an idea of the habitat in which they existed . " here , in a single ethiopian valley , we have nearly a mile - thick stack of superimposed sediments and 12 horizons yielding hominid fossils . these discoveries confirm the middle awash study area as the world ' s best window on human evolution ," white adds . above where you where does him am here she but you my for yourself yours in such against is being have my now me between that him from above s me through hers their be very these am during me them does in an me both before did just very from other what for do were did those the these again about their by myself further because s in yours how its any your yourselves no were nor they these which until off more out is about them most most t by no this now both had and for before against she you up herself where each is which her them a my do above yourselves your are at them the about will if ourselves being her any we can doing or was will by why it no should whom we while out myself there just on t our its by each there by itself yourself down above until