the new ground - based telescope will give images 10 times crisper than the hubble space telescope australian astronomers have joined a consortium building the world ' s largest telescope , which from 2015 will help scientists understand the evolution of the universe . the australian national university has become equal partners with eight us institutions to design the us $ 500 million ( a $ 671 million ) optical and infrared giant magellan telescope . the new telescope is to be built in chile and will consist of six mirrors surrounding a central mirror , with each mirror 8 . 4 metres across . at an overall diameter of 21 metres , the new telescope will be the first of a generation of so - called extremely large telescopes designed to probe the depths of the universe . " the largest telescopes that astronomers have access to right now have diameters between 8 and 10 metres ," says professor penny sackett , director of the university ' s research school of astronomy and astrophysics , based at mount stromlo in canberra . " extremely large telescopes have diameters of 20 to 30 to 50 metres ." sackett says the light - gathering power increases with the square of the diameter of a telescope . " when you go from an 8 metre to a 24 metre [ telescope ] you ' ve actually increased your light - gathering power by a factor of nine not by a factor of three ." light from distant stars she says the telescope ' s enormous diameter will allow it to detect light from the most distant stars in the universe . the light has taken so long to reach earth it is almost the age of the universe which means it gives astronomers a picture of the universe right after it was born , says sackett . she says the giant magellan telescope will be the first telescope to directly detect light from planets that are just forming around other stars . the telescope will also allow astronomers to study dark matter and dark energy , which influence the geometry of the universe . " dark matter and dark energy are the forces that tug and pull on the fabric of space - time . they determine how the universe evolves over time ," she says . clear focus sackett says the telescope will have " adaptive optics ", new technology that undoes the blurring effects of the earth ' s atmosphere . " the mirrors move very quickly to put the light rays back in the right place by bouncing them at slightly different angles ," she says . " the giant magellan telescope should be able to take pictures that are 10 times crisper , 10 times sharper , 10 times more detailed that the hubble space telescope ." partnership in the new telescope will give australian astronomers access to an extremely large telescope , which , according to the decadal plan for astronomy , is one of the two items australian astronomers say are the most important to their future a decade from now . sackett says that australian industries and academic institutions could also benefit from contracts to design and build instruments for the new telescope . other members of the consortium are the carnegie institution of washington , harvard university , massachusetts institute of technology , university of arizona , university of michigan , smithsonian institution , university of texas at austin and texas a & m university . our between most it our they itself t did ourselves not am to they have hers doing by against all but as again same very been then don those to do further why under are they other t all before any from nor being more the once of will we by most than his nor it me myself and myself that does too by am had were she theirs more myself any yourself then most s don then or this both very by she themselves she the don theirs you not myself how we him before other or why yours at did ours off just each for more whom a she or under hers what are she too by there their at she just those having her those can ours just few over too from whom during so your now her itself her any t at its because into so than has am any himself a such me s over