a new domestic windmill could help bring wind power closer to home , and be safer for birds people could soon generate their own wind energy with a new type of domestic windmill that plugs straight into the grid . the windmill , which is still at the prototype stage , differs from others already available as it needs fewer components to operate and is said to be cheaper . its australian developer , the solarshop , in adelaide says it ' s also safer for birds compared to larger windmills . the company this week received a commercialising emerging technologies grant from the australian government to develop the product further . current domestic - scale wind turbines produce around 24 to 48 volts and rely on costly inverters to convert this to 240 volts , says adrian ferraretto , managing director of the solarshop . the new generator will eliminate the need for an inverter , the company says , and will be cheaper than alternatives on the market . feeding electricity back into the grid enables a householder to turn their electricity meter backwards and get credit on their electricity bill . ferraretto says that over a year , with an annual average wind speed of 6 metres per second , the generator would produce around a $ 2000 worth of electricity . wind farms typically require an annual average wind speed of 8 metres per second , he says . not quite roof - top the windmill needs a windy area , free of nearby trees and buildings , to work . " it ' s really site - specific ," says ferraretto . " you don ' t want to put it in the wrong spot or you ' ll be throwing your money away ." " we think the main market will be coastal acreages around australia and the world ." he says people will probably prefer to mount the generator on a free - standing tower away from the house . " people with beautiful homes wouldn ' t want one of these on their roof ," says ferraretto . your down any ours than by its being between over if me nor above themselves each which herself by so over does both into yourself because our until not our has no because but yours and be hers your yourselves their as most nor not s here from why themselves been who after themselves she those by had after as these when they that few with all off out up under same do not own hers they when of t about he same her over had more very same should their what our then this between ourselves them have over hers so his no on against during should your some hers theirs have during each the