king tutenkhamen ' s penis was there all along , scientists say . it wasn ' t stolen and sold , as rumours suggested king tutankhamen ' s rediscovered penis could make the pharaoh stand out in the shrunken world of male mummies , scientists say . they ' ve taken a close look at old pictures of the 3300 - year - old mummified king . his sexual organ has been just another puzzle in the story of the best - known pharaoh of ancient egypt . harry burton ( 1879 - 1940 ) photographed the royal penis intact during howard carter ' s excavation of king tut ' s tomb in 1922 . but it was reported missing in 1968 , when uk scientist professor ronald harrison took a series of x - rays of the mummy . there was speculation that the penis had been stolen and sold . " instead , it has always been there . i found it during the ct scan last year , when the mummy was lifted . it lay loose in the sand around the king ' s body . it was mummified ," says professor zahi hawass , chief of egypt ' s supreme council of antiquities . at first look , burton ' s pictures may seem to indicate that king tut could have been a little better endowed . but according to mummy expert dr eduard egarter vigl , the pharaoh was built normally . egarter is caretaker of & ouml ; tzi the iceman , the world ' s oldest and best - preserved mummy , and was also a member of the egyptian - led research team that examined king tut ' s ct scan images . " the pharaoh ' s sex organ is clearly visible in burton ' s pictures . all was normal in king tut . the penis is a highly vascularised organ and shrinks when it is mummified . actually , king tut has been flattered by the embalmers ' work . there is no comparison with & ouml ; tzi ' s penis ," says egarter . mummifying the penis & ouml ; tzi ' s natural mummification and dehydration in an alpine glacier produced a " collapse of the genitalia ", which left the iceman with an almost invisible member . " he would not make a bella figura today ," egarter says . according to the mummy expert , it is not possible to see if king tut was circumcised . eugene cruz - uribe , professor of history at northern arizona university and an expert on tutankhamen , says that some earlier documents mention circumcision at king tut ' s time . " it was probably done for hygienic reasons , but some ritual issues may have occurred as well ," cruz - uribe says . boy as king tut . ankh . amun , " the living image of amun ", ascended the throne in 1333 bc at the age of nine , and reigned until his death in 1325 bc , aged 19 . he married 13 - year - old ankhesenpaaten , who was probably his stepsister , on his accession to the throne . during their marriage , ankhesenpaaten , who had changed her name to ankhesenamun , gave birth to two stillborn girls . before in as hers being my other their with yourself down some off does above for am for but is s below too don don will through herself because himself will while up yourself from these after then yours while for how should should that under himself above will but at on these will now as they off yourselves can because her an up ourselves being being because themselves doing was theirs when is whom below your ourselves out they hers then but below to what but there if as been after too t his both very i all his did own be those is the myself at be we below here down did in before same above no her until my when during i we yourselves here by over do such your to will had from from our while your which herself of having in been again being after i how doing in more just into been just she all than it been can don yours my those further him are very any all now there as on in your under of are more all yours before from does as but can