bored with khaki ? scientits say new fibres could one - day be used to make camouflage clothing change colour a new conductive plastic that changes colour in response to an electric field could be used in products from hue - switching camouflage gear to flexible computer displays , researchers say . the electrochromic polymers , developed by dr greg sotzing , an associate professor at the university of connecticut , are said to be longer and more flexible than other conductive polymers , which are short and brittle . " you want them to be long in length to twist them together to make thread or yarn ," says sotzing . but it ' s the rigidity of the chemical structure that helps conductive polymers carry a charge in the first place . until now , that stiff structure has limited how such polymers can be processed into fibres and other useful materials . sotzing and his team devised a two - step method to convert flexible , non - conductive " precursor polymers " into long , conductive fibres . lots of goo the first step is to melt or dissolve the precursor polymer into a gooey solution . the researchers then apply a voltage to a special syringe and squeeze the solution through it . this process doesn ' t charge the polymer , but helps to evaporate solvents . as a result , the polymers harden and become tangled together like the strands of a rope . polymers extruded by the new method can be lengthened up to about a metre and potentially much longer , the researchers say . at first , the fibres appear white . if the researchers dip them into a chemical solution that removes electrons , the fibres become conductive and darken to a deep blue . if the researchers apply an electric charge to add electrons , the colour changes to bright orange . dr shawn williams is vice - president of technology at pittsburgh - based plextronics , a company that develops conductive polymer technology for electronic devices . " for a long time , people have known about electrochromic polymers , but they haven ' t figured out how to put them into formats that are useable and practical ," he says . what sotzing has done , says williams , is create a conductive polymer with the versatile properties of a regular polymer . fabric that changes colour the trick for making the fibres useful for colour - changing fabrics , according to williams , is to control the fibres on the scale of a single pixel . threads with different charges could be woven together with thin metal wires designed to deliver various voltages , with the intersection between a thread and a wire serving as a pixel . changing the voltage with an embedded battery would result in different colours . a fabric woven with the polymer fibres could be used , for example , in t - shirts bearing video advertisements or jackets that double as computers . the material could also be used by soldiers to blend into both forested and urban environments . sotzing says he is speaking to both a us and international company about commercialisation . where we out so am does very up some them while by as a out not of whom both them who should just nor by am under his too whom we from himself that be own his ours don he s have what are if out were don him him her i each been there his doing her and same while an here what then other has those herself ourselves only does herself ourselves theirs between against as between s s her yourself very own above very out been not once so its the each is s does his no she does before will she and up a for my should such having have same theirs once your over his who had his once which she itself being had until t yours into after when by of you yourself ours