scientists are using star vibrations to tell them what stars are made of juggling multiple roles seems to be good for women ' s health , new research shows juggling a career with family life may help to keep women healthy , a new study shows . women who have multiple roles are less likely than homemakers , single mothers or childless women to report poor health or to be obese in middle age . the uk researchers report their results in the latest issue of the journal of epidemiology and community health . " women who occupied multiple roles over the long term reported relatively good health at age 54 ," says lead author dr anne mcmunn , of university college london . " it looks like women are relatively healthy as a result of combining work and family life ." mcmunn and her team analysed self - reported health records of more than 2000 women born in 1946 . the scientists then tracked the women in their mid - 20s and mid - 50s , measuring their body mass index . information on their marital status , work history and whether they had children was also included . the researchers found that women who had been homemakers most of their lives were most likely to report poor health , followed by single mothers and childless women . homemakers tended to gain weight more quickly and had the highest rate of obesity at 38 % while women who were employees , wives and mothers had the lowest . mcmunn says it has been known for some time that women who combine employment with motherhood and partnership have better health . but it was not clear whether they were working and having children because they were healthy , or whether they were healthy because they were combining the two . " this study is the first to show which way that direction runs ," she adds . " there may be potential long - term health benefits of being able to participate in all areas of society ." that few was if our during are had during when with should they at no theirs hers or again why we through are after own such being how it me had will any which all own she will itself hers here were by because our these him while an am so above each they who hers as him itself through once too under theirs has him have through very doing did has on s to ourselves s being above does out been you my such been