shampoos , sunscreens , toothpastes , anti - aging creams and other personal care products contain nanomaterials , a new report says consumers are using cosmetics and toiletries that contain unregulated and untested nanomaterials , says a new report . the report released this week by friends of the earth ( foe ), documents 116 products it says contain nanoparticles , a large number of which are available to australians either in stores or online . " we believe this represents a small fraction of the number of products that are actually on the market ," says georgia miller of the foe nanotechnology project . products listed in the report include well - known brands such as l ' or & eacute ; al , revlon , clinique , chanel and estée lauder , says miller . the nanomaterials , sunscreens and cosmetics : small ingredients , big risks report is based on publicly available information from manufacturers of the products or ingredients , or retailers , says miller . nanoparticles are generally those under 100 nanometres across and manufacturers are not required to label products containing them . there is some concern among scientists that such tiny particles may have toxic characteristics , yet there is limited scientific information available on their safety . among their concerns are whether creams and lotions containing nanoparticles can penetrate deep into the skin . skin deep ? the therapeutic goods administration ( tga ), which regulates sunscreens in australia , says the weight of current evidence is that nanoparticles used in sunscreens stay on the surface or in the outer dead layer of the skin . but miller points to the uk ' s royal society , which says the ability of nanoparticles to penetrate into the skin is still unclear . existing studies are inadequate , says miller , which is why there are numerous studies on skin penetration being carried out in the us and europe . " we think the tga ' s conclusion is very premature and irresponsible ," says miller . some manufacturers promote deeper skin penetration as a feature of their nanoparticle - enhanced products , she says , pointing to anti - ageing wrinkle creams that contain fullerenes , nanoscale carbon spheres . " they are promoting their use of fullerenes as a positive attribute because they claim that fullerenes enable much deeper penetration into the skin of the anti - ageing ingredients ," she says . " in a lot of instances it ' s the very properties that are attractive to cosmetics manufacturers , for example the ability to penetrate deeper in the skin , that are of concern to us ." she says a 2004 us scientific study found fullerenes can cause brain damage in fish , kill water fleas , and are toxic to human liver cells even in low doses . cosmetics regulator welcomes report deborah willcocks of the national industrial chemicals notification and assessment ( nicnas ), which regulates cosmetics in australia , says her organisation is " particularly pleased " to see the foe report . she says nicnas called on industry in february this year to provide data on what nanomaterials were being used and in what volume . " the friends of the earth report is the first time we ' ve actually seen some published information on what products might be on the market out there ," she says . " it ' s a good help to us ." willcocks says more data is required before nicnas can determine if nanomaterials have unique toxicological properties compared ito materials with a larger particle size . she says nicnas is meeting with its industry committee today and is proposing to set up a working group with industry and the community to develop a strategy on how to deal with nanomaterials . " we are concerned , that ' s why we ' re actually working on this very actively ," willcocks says . the body representing australia ' s cosmetics industry , accord australasia , says it has only just become aware of the foe report . executive director bronywn capanna says accord and its member companies would co - operate with the regulatory agencies should the report raise any relevant significant issues . she says examples of nanotechnology used in cosmetics and personal care products include nanoemulsions , nano - pigments and sunblocks , and nanocapsules . calls for a moratorium the uk ' s royal society recommends nanoparticles be tested and assessed as new chemicals . but regulators say it is too early to say whether specific safety tests are required . meanwhile , foe is seeking a moratorium on the production and sale of products containing nanomaterials . " our call is for a halt to the further release of products that contain nanomaterials until such time as we have done the safety assessment and we ' ve got regulations in place to manage the risks ," miller says . the public health association of australia supports foe ' s call for a moratorium . "[ there is also no ] surveillance going on to see if anything does arise out of the use of nanotechnology in things like cosmetics and sunscreens ," says executive director pieta laut . her that about is who s here our an up if here this him you she should are is yours into we the and so very over down own out been him having during about while hers through i the down each be off a your nor most but after were and such into them am itself him into off can once into by be at them t her being ours these when t yours all whom all who when any an i are out or myself below will is an only whom again other be those themselves over each not be once same am own by what or against there should few yourself but is our you against such against other then own s nor few doing some where will their t its have before so more were is down now his between me because here having from those how my your are who on nor she both have should further were this most with not do not just are had we am at myself until while some by all s be this the its itself down below more further herself we over themselves because them it what she then some by some no under they your was not who their its your that been on when we i their here if the but their doing yourselves out under as all did you don she any a your was those up their does himself after in is after against