it took just 10 million years for the artic ocean to go from bath - temperature to frigid dramatic shifts in earth ' s climate system drove the sea at the north pole from sub - tropical temperatures to icy chill in the relatively brief span of 10 million years , according to a series of studies . the papers report a mission in which european scientists aboard a ship braved flowing walls of ice to delve deep into the lomonosov ridge on the floor of the arctic ocean . the precious cores of sediment , retrieved from up to 430 metres below the seabed , give an idea of the planet ' s climate going back 55 million years thanks to the fossilised creatures , plants and stones buried in them . this surveyed period kicks off with an astonishingly warm period called the palaeocene - eocene thermal maximum . at one point during this era , the arctic ocean was 23 & deg ; c . then , around 49 million years ago , large volumes of cool freshwater for some reason were dumped into the arctic , chilling the sea to around 10 & deg ; c and diluting its saltiness so much that in summer months , a species of green freshwater fern covered much of its surface . at 45 million years ago , the first ice started to form , as evidenced by pebbles dropped by icebergs , and the relative cooling has continued to the modern era . the studies , published today the journal nature , were carried out in an initiative called arctic coring expedition . a swedish - flagged , norwegian - operated drillship , the vidar viking , manoeuvred in water 1000 metres deep just 238 kilometres from the north pole , protected by a russian and a swedish icebreaker . " at times , the drill site was covered with ice 2 - 3 metres thick ," says one of the lead authors , jan blackman , a professor at stockholm university . " we encountered an icefloe of multi - year ice , harder and denser than ice from just one arctic winter . it was like driving into a brick wall ." natural shifts in climate in a history spanning some 4 . 5 billion years , earth has gone through natural shifts in climate change . the drivers for this include changes in solar radiation , surges in volcanic activity , releases of methane stored underground , shifts in vegetation and the light that is reflected back into space by polar icecaps . the study delves into the distant past and does not cover recent history , especially the industrial revolution , whose fossil - fuel emissions many blame for global warming . evidence has accumulated in recent years that arctic ice cover is thinning and shrinking in response to this warming , which in turn may have a big impact on polar bears and other species . the icecap at the north pole floats on the arctic ocean , which means its melting does not affect global sea levels . in antarctica , it lies mainly on rock , which means that even a partial melting would threaten coastal cities and deltas around the world . myself not myself our herself those up down yourselves both don their for few too being was myself same themselves if from because then your with why those she again my ours further them own if i from while where we which between such into through if his yourself a and over up here hers we those this yourself between we all own me that same same each if of do yourself own him not her don below yours did only other you here over any he where that once do herself an with t when below to to herself have did for before i most not there some of some on its been an there too will same to before hers should after whom this my to your until in very down itself for is only after be further were don he whom we been is above or being out t at above each for my then has to been itself as or be itself yourself each theirs they these than its such him the being between very until when your her and is down