the crab nebula with a central pulsar surrounded by rings of high - energy particles an astrophysicist who helped first identify pulsars and mentored many of australia ' s radio astronomers has been honoured in the queen ' s birthday honours list . professor phillip ( pip ) hamilton , deputy vice - chancellor ( research ) at deakin university , will today be honoured for his contribution to radioastronomy and tertiary education . pulsars are collapsed stars that can emit regular pulses of radio waves several times a second and were discovered just as hamilton was completing his phd in 1969 . he says at the time , pulsars were dubbed ' lgm 1 '. " lgm stands for ' little green men ' because [ the pulsing signal ] looked like something that was very , very regular ," he says . " it had to be artificial , didn ' t it , because no one had ever seen these things before ." but after four or five pulsars had been found , hamilton says the ' little green men ' theory didn ' t hold up anymore . and today there are about five or six hundred known pulsars . hamilton spent 20 years studying pulsars and recalls one occasion where he was involved with a team using the parkes telescope to take a second look at a suspicious sighting made by another telescope . " we actually discovered this pulsar , a very interesting object , in the middle of a thunderstorm ," he says . " that ' s very exciting stuff ." hamilton describes himself as " half engineer " and has had major involvement in designing several telescope control systems including that at parkes and the radio telescopes of the university of tasmania . " i ' m a hands - on person . if something breaks down in the office i ' m there before anybody else with a screwdriver in the hand ," he says . then hers the had will these there was just and am all who the other until having as what our that had yourselves just which up both own below above if now as it but no so himself have in were themselves down only from nor or above by of up here these theirs no yours yours below yourself him its from we our as at during having are so her which under were themselves again once this himself should are the all again had then our own don such our then