debris disc around beta pictoris showing light reflected by dust around the young star astronomers have discovered a solar system that seems like an early version of our own , the us space agency says . it has huge quantities of carbon gas mixed with a cloud of dust surrounding a young , yellow star called beta pictoris . the star and its emerging solar system , in which planets could already be forming , is less than 20 million years old , say the researchers . the abundance of carbon gas in the dust disc surrounding the star means that the planets being formed could be rich in graphite and methane much like those of our solar system in the early stages , they say . the astronomers , led by dr aki roberge , of nasa ' s goddard flight center , is published in the journal nature . " there is much , much more carbon gas than anyone expected ," roberge says . " could this be what our own solar system looked like when it was young ? are we seeing the formation of new types of worlds ? either prospect is fascinating ." the astronomers made their observations using the far ultraviolet spectroscopic explorer satellite launched in 1999 . beta pictoris first discovered in 1984 , beta pictoris is located in our galaxy , is 60 light - years from earth and has been measured at 1 . 8 times the sun ' s mass . images of beta pictoris taken by the orbiting hubble space telescope show it could have a jupiter - type planet already and possibly also rocky planets in the course of formation , astronomers say . up then as here those same no but were themselves of from who was yourselves here be for in ourselves or nor she yourselves myself will if am through here herself any nor which with is each these was should with than a up themselves more yourself should herself myself what that been i them once into nor he about out once should theirs having are than its what out am while few ourselves the while them here further out itself them whom while the t own each yourself so which herself only in very those for all through