the vote represents a major victory for pro - whaling nations led by japan , who want to turn the iwc away from pure conservation and focus on a return to managing whale stocks for hunting . the moratorium , enforced since 1986 , still stands because it needs a 75 & nbsp ;% majority to be overturned . japan abides by the moratorium , but conducts " research " whaling through what opponents say is a loophole in the iwc charter , as does iceland . norway ignores the moratorium all together . around 2 , 000 whales are taken by the three nations each year and more than 25 , 000 whales have been hunted and killed since the moratorium . japan hopes to use the resolution , known as the st kitts and nevis declaration , as a political weapon to argue that more states than not on the 70 - nation iwc body believe the commercial whaling ban should be lifted . japan complains that anti - whaling states have deadlocked the commission , which was set up in 1946 to prevent whales from passing into extinction through over - hunting . having a majority on the iwc will allow tokyo to control the commission ' s agenda for the first time since a moratorium was introduced and , environmentalists fear , let tokyo frustrate conservation efforts . not all good news for whaling nations sue lieberman , director of the global species program at wwf international , says the vote should be a wake - up call . " what is more important than that is this does show that japan ' s recruitment drive has finally succeeded ," she says . but lieberman says japan was defeated in three far more substantial votes that preceded approval of the st kitts and nevis declaration . in one , japan sought to remove the issue of hunting dolphins and porpoises from the agenda of the meeting but failed by a 32 - 30 vote . in another , japan lost its bid to introduce secret ballots , something the group has never done for major initiatives in its 60 - year history , officials say . and in a third , anti - whaling nations voted down tokyo ' s request for coastal whalers to resume a small for - profit inshore minke whale hunt . " no they did not win when it really counted . and no , this isn ' t going to change anything ," lieberman says of the declaration . " this is purely inflammatory and will not help resolve what we agree is a serious impasse ( in the iwc )." there most over these than this ourselves about t into but their is once a himself his more your they has by do in her can not through they so no for until down when having more there a it its more until just that theirs above now again that further has again such am through between now so most its don all above few they against their up i a about all t then there themselves myself hers hers against being so again before him under once myself i up for their and out these again yours out i itself again why all from now both t between ourselves after no now