scientists may have underestimated how long it takes for cfcs to reach antarctica ' s stratosphere and how long they stay there despite widespread international reductions in ozone destroying chemicals , the antarctic ozone hole will probably continue its annual appearance for another 60 years , say atmospheric scientists , 20 years longer than previous estimates . a new model that analyses the effects of ozone gobbling chlorofluorocarbon ( cfc ) emissions predicts a return to pre - 1980 stratospheric ozone levels over the southern continent in 2068 . what ' s more , no meaningful shrinking of the ozone hole should be expected before 2024 , say us researchers from nasa , national oceanic and atmospheric administration ( noaa ) and the national center for atmospheric research in a recent issue of geophysical research letters . " the [ previous ] models underestimated the amount of chlorine and bromine over antarctica ," says nasa atmospheric scientist dr paul newman , referring to the two elements that tear ozone apart . " that ' s why we underestimated the recovery rate ." one reason for earlier miscalculation is that cfc quantities over antarctica were originally measured indirectly , by how much ozone destruction they caused . but when far more chlorine and bromine is present than needed to destroy all the ozone over antarctica , it ' s difficult to predict the consequence of such a surplus . saturated with chlorine in the 1990s the stratosphere over antarctica saw the first of this sort of " saturation effect ", says newman , with 100 % ozone destruction and plenty of chlorine and bromine to spare . there can be no significant change in ozone destruction until the levels of harmful chemicals at least drop below the saturation level . the new model estimates that will happen by 2018 , with a detectable reduction in ozone destruction by 2024 . " now we understand how the models were wrong ," newman says . another change to the model comes from new information on how long it takes chlorine - containing cfcs to reach the antarctic stratosphere and how long they linger , says atmospheric researcher dr john austin of noaa ' s geophysical fluid dynamics laboratory and the uk ' s met office . " over the last few years we ' ve realised that it takes a lot longer for the chlorofluorocarbons to be taken out of the atmosphere ," says austin . the longer they linger , the slower the ozone recovers . yet another concern that has been raised in recent months is that the amounts of cfcs still being emitted hasn ' t dropped off as quickly as expected . that could possibly add more delays to ozone recovery at both poles . " in principle you could have another delay of another couple of decades ," says austin . " you keep adding more and more delays and you ' re starting to look at another 30 years . that ' s a problem ." has during our as each any her each did can why same we are once these a were here not am as s how few these until can be whom of hers were under doing themselves of both its from between all she of did there were he to s few myself than hers am having above what but how all they between all when s no so not few no who where its s as after into above nor such below all don up after who your until do can were for s the where his hers t what my yourself because some whom between has few before where if as which be a we herself doing each again themselves are nor don their themselves these before their our more those your that when has but