ethiopia , showing the east african rift system in the green area , and the southern end of the red sea above it the two mighty tectonic plates that form africa and arabia are slowly ripping apart , scientists report , potentially shifting the southern end of the red sea . as a result of this long - term split , the northeast of ethiopia and eritrea will be torn from the rest of africa and may eventually form a huge new sea , they say . an international team of geologists reports its study today in the journal nature . geologists from the uk , us and ethiopia monitored an earthquake and volcanic eruption in ethiopia in september 2005 . the event , in the afar desert at the southern end of the red sea , yielded only small amounts of volcanic material but was hugely significant in terms of geological movement , the geologists report . using images supplied by the european space agency ' s envisat satellite and deploying positioning sensors and seismic instruments , the geologists were able to get a rare first - hand look at the event . an 8 metre rupture developed in the ground in the afar ' s dabbahu volcanic massif over a period of just three weeks , and swiftly filled up with molten rock . the movement jostled the jigsaw puzzle that makes up the east african rift system , a y - shaped fault whose stem comprises the great rift valley and whose two branches comprise the red sea and the gulf of aden . the east african rift valley is an active divergent rift valley , one of the few areas on earth where a continent is being actively separated or rifted by the ongoing forces of plate tectonics . the rifting process has been going on for 30 million years and will take millions more to complete . the big rip of 2005 has no precedent in the era of satellite monitoring , which gave the experts this opportunity . they theorise that the well - known segmentation of continental rifts is caused by incursion of magma into the rip , rather than by step - by - step cracking of the surface crust . too between before above were i yourself nor herself further what both your then him you the itself these few its up for can she we now against her those her the in am who these as about have its have other as after over it with just here t up having above has or himself for a itself below between or myself each until from doing about his be ours own most as their what very before yourself should in they those himself him yours what herself itself to some don down but now themselves such