irradiation could be a way of inactivating bacteria used to make vaccines vaccines made with bacteria killed by gamma rays may be more effective than those made using standard heat or chemical inactivation , us government researchers say . such vaccines do not have to be kept cold , the team at the university of california , san diego , school of medicine report in the journal immunity . dr sandip datta and colleagues made a vaccine from listeria monocytogenes bacteria , a common cause of food poisoning . the listeria were killed with gamma rays and the vaccine protected mice infected with live listeria , unlike vaccines made with heat - killed bacteria . " although completely inactivated by the radiation , and thus unable to cause illness , irradiated bacterial pathogens evidently retain characteristics that prompt the immune system to mount a full - fledged defence ," datta says . vaccines can be made in three ways : using an attenuated , or weakened , form of live bacteria or virus , using a killed microbe , or using pieces of dna from a bacteria or virus . most attenuated vaccines must be kept cold , but the researchers found that mice could be protected by vaccination with irradiated listeria that had been freeze - dried into a powder . this might mean that such vaccines could be used in hot places without electricity , the researchers say . vaccines often protect mice but not people so the idea must be tested more , the researchers note . dr elias zerhouni , head of the national institutes of health , which funded the study , says : " this advance is potentially of great importance in meeting the challenge of creating vaccines that are safe , effective and simple to manufacture and transport ." gamma rays are also used to sterilise medical equipment and , in some countries , to preserve food . herself until we then t me had a who it having they nor so a against before further again same being here of other yours then about over yours how from his my for this their why against further here with t ours can whom with she with his few now theirs with to doing they which been s about herself before here can just that we most nor me be ourselves be him which them herself so into on nor how against if that whom then were few not there that he don when no its will once because most because don if their my before we in hers yourselves at whom whom had