drizzle one day , flash floods the next it ' s raining methane on saturn ' s giant moon titan , scientists say . it ranges from a persistent drizzle that keeps the surface of saturn ' s largest moon damp to fierce storms that could produce huge droplets . " we have found the first evidence of drizzly rain on a remote planet , in this case titan , which consists of liquid methane and a little bit of nitrogen ," says dr tetsuya tokano of germany ' s university of cologne . tokano and his colleagues publish their findings today in the journal nature . the researchers used data from the nasa / european space agency cassini - huygens mission to measure the atmospheric chemical composition , temperature and pressure on titan . the cassini craft was launched in 1997 and reached saturn in 2004 after cruising past venus and jupiter . information from the probe showed titan , which is larger than the planet mercury , is cold and windy with a dense atmosphere of methane and nitrogen . according to the team ' s findings , much of the surface of titan could experience a drizzle for the next few years . fierce storms too in a separate report in the journal researchers from spain modelled titan ' s atmosphere . they predicted clouds over the south pole would produce fierce storms that would pound the surface and could help explain the formation of its river valleys . dr ricardo hueso and dr agustin sanchez - lavega of the university of pais vasco in bilbao say under the right conditions the storms could produce methane raindrops up to 5 millimetres across that would pound the surface similar to flash floods seen on earth . tokano says although the spanish researchers reached a different conclusion he believes both types of rainfall could occur on titan depending on the conditions . " we do not rule out the presence of such heavy rainstorms because such clouds have been observed near the south pole ," he adds . himself only between other under few yours s why but or up their only about or while what he more before has do were own to such t be with against off after am they on does these at will both where himself with will after whom after can only being been hers are himself am such only only such ourselves same during they about theirs was above each before can further was while how s because himself she for this yourselves what through very on ours t out off having few no the don again itself after will doing off and i his and