adult ( top ) and juvenile ( bottom ) umoonasaurus , one of two new species of ancient marine reptile scientists have identified two new species of ancient marine reptile that swam in an australian outback sea 115 million years ago . the reptiles , named umoonasaurus and opallionectes , belonged to the plesiosaurs group which included a predator like a killer whale from the jurassic period , says palaeontologist dr benjamin kear from the university of adelaide . kear , whose team studied 30 opalised fossils mainly from around the outback mining town of coober pedy in south australia , publish their research in the latest issue of the journal palaeontology and online in the journal biology letters . kear says the long - necked marine reptiles swam in the shallow water of an inland sea that once existed in central australia . freezing polar water covered large parts of australia 115 million years ago when the island continent was much closer to antarctica . the umoonasaurus was about 2 . 4 metres long and had three crest - like ridges on its skull . " imagine a compact body with four flippers , a reasonably long neck , small head and short tail , much like a reptilian seal ," kear says . the team named the reptile after the aboriginal name for coober pedy , umoona . the opallionectes was 6 metres long , with masses of needle teeth used to trap small fish and squid . its name means ' the opal swimmer from andamooka ', the scientists say . kear says most of the fossils found were of juvenile creatures , leading the scientists to believe they had discovered a seasonal breeding ground for the ancient reptiles . off its being it be their being own of and who now don too themselves is no until her how is can of about did how through a an at is being same her being his had most under there her himself who there few been he theirs such or same after or all did be herself from same me after for this or these ourselves had now when while each no been below those in below herself too until or further his during more for here was have between most at those them to should but then doing more during the their up were you the herself after such here which can each don are both do was more from does the by hers