canada geese fall sick when they eat designer grass laced with fungus designer strains of grass could one day be used to keep birds away from golf courses and airports , new zealand scientists say . research into these smart grasses is discussed this week at the agricultural biotechnology industry conference in melbourne . chris pennell and his colleagues at ag research new zealand have been working on particular types of fungi that co - exist with grass . these fungi , called endophytes , live in the spaces between plant cells . by choosing the right combination of endophyte and grass , the researchers hope to produce turf with unique properties . some endophytes repel insects and others are toxic to livestock that graze on them , pennell says . over the past two decades , he and his colleagues have been working to find the right combinations of grass and fungus to offer the benefits without the toxic side - effects . " we ' ve been looking for the friendly endophytes ," pennell says of the research , which has mostly been for the livestock industry . more recently , the researchers have also begun designing grass and fungus combinations to keep birds away . insects can ' t eat these grasses , which deprives some birds of their food source . they can also give grass - eating birds such as canada geese an illness the researchers call " post - ingestion malaise ". " when herbivorous birds eat this grass they get sick and then they don ' t come back again ," says richard curtis , business development manager at ag research new zealand . the idea is that for airports , planting grass that keeps insects and birds away could help reduce dangerous birdstrikes where our feathered friends collide with aircraft . in the past few months , the team has planted test plots of the grasses at christchurch international airport . the early results are promising , curtis says of the research , which the airport helped to fund . " it won ' t solve all the problems with birds around airports , but it ' ll be a part of the overall bird management armoury ," he says . " there is a lot of interest from airport companies around the world ." meanwhile , the scientists are also applying the technology to golf courses , where fouling from birds like canada geese can spoil a day on the greens . early trials on new zealand golf courses shows that planting a 10 metre strip of the smart grass around waterways keeps geese and other birds away , curtis says . " they just packed up and went to other parts of the golf course ." by should too each which once hers himself are more which not up theirs this i above our of just we against your don my those she herself in but she don being where under than nor too this this on s a ours both it any whom any such yourselves they its itself for t myself our in s at we down during down all which our the about more again an or t your his only just them them than yours ours again between a these their so that up there before again against only before and below some each having don further is been herself same with be than both he this i ourselves until about been there did herself yourselves before there when for we same because my so they before out me or itself against who here