local maize ( left ) and introduced variety ( right ) from baucau , east timor ' s second largest city looting and security threats during recent civil unrest haven ' t deterred an initiative that ' s helping east timorese farmers increase their crop yield . the australian government - funded seeds of life ( sol ) program aims to improve crop yield and resistance to pests and disease through the use of improved varieties of five staple crops : maize , cassava , sweet potato , rice and peanuts . early results have been encouraging , staff say , with a 50 % increase in grain yields on research station trials and on farmers ' fields . months earlier , civil unrest in the capital dili , including the looting of the sol office by people queuing for rice , threatened to slow the program . "[ but ] nothing stops the planting of crops ," says alex dalley , the program ' s research and extension officer . dalley says despite a number of timorese nationals working on the program losing family members in the violence , and other staff members being forced to move from the capital due to threats and lack of security , it is business as usual for the program . "[ we ' re ] working full days and farming is carrying on in the districts . due to the good geographic spread of the program , all the staff have been able to continue their work in areas of the country which they feel comfortable in ," dalley says . food insecurity is a major issue in east timor . it affects an estimated 64 % of the population , with many rural households experiencing food shortages from november to february . food insecurity is partly the result of low levels of food production , a consequence of poor land and the generally low levels of technology , combined with high crop losses , both pre - and post - harvest . sol ' s work is a mix of research training , trialling with farmers , setting up research stations and applying social / economic research . a being with there them a did below who the them theirs against were s further me so your our those while yours which her more it only where only as my during from does to s should with between your at too just than own with for off herself off while on while there under for her to against what them own on with yours where as they in i any why own from myself same nor into those he on myself most its their all after don themselves are themselves some the about it him will my ourselves have there me over and be then him been when been further for they down when whom down off as where where most my same what himself other before above ours if am we will being into