researchers can now test the effects of airborne toxins on human lung cells grown in the lab researchers are using ' mini - lungs ' made from cells grown in the lab to test the effects of airborne toxins after workplace contamination and chemical spills . the work has won dr amanda hayes , shahnaz bakand and chris winder of the university of new south wales ( unsw ) a eureka prize for research that replaces the use of animals or animal products . hayes says the use of human epithelial lung cells reduces the need for what are often inhumane tests on animals . traditionally , the toxicity of gases and vapours are tested on lab animals that are put into a chamber and subjected to lethal doses . but hayes says the need for such tests can be reduced by using human epithelial cells grown on a porous membrane . she says the method is well suited to field work because all investigators need to do is place the cell - containing membrane in a small diffusion chamber and pump in air . the ' mini - lungs ' can be subjected to a range of tests including energy metabolism and viability , to see how they are responding to the toxin . any cell death resulting from the exposure would immediately set alarm bells ringing . hayes says her group , the only in australia to use lung cells in this way , has been able to test the effects of chemicals like ammonia and formaldehyde and volatile organic compounds found in paints , solvents and pesticides . " the research may open new possibilities for toxicity testing of industrial chemicals , environmental contaminants , respiratory drugs , workplace airborne contaminants and fire combustion products ," she says . hayes says the cells tend to be more sensitive to toxins than a functioning lung but the in vitro effects of the toxins on the cells tally well with effects observed in animals . the same method can be used to test airborne toxicology on skin and liver cells , she says . other recipients of eureka prizes include : *&# 9 ; professor rick shine , university of sydney , for research into australian reptiles including snakes cross - dressing and lizard nuclear families . *&# 9 ; dr graeme batley , dr stuart simpson and dr jenny stauber , csiro energy technology , for developing standards to measure contamination in sediments and waterways including sydney harbour . *&# 9 ; dr ping koy lam , dr thomas symul and andrew lance , australian national university , and christian weedbrook , university of queensland , for the use of quantum encryption to protect online privacy . *&# 9 ; dr mike manefield , unsw , for innovation and leadership in environmental science , specifically for research into how bacteria can help clean up contaminated soil at industrial sites . *&# 9 ; dr michael dawson , professor matthew england , alex sen gupta , unsw , for environmental research into modelling ocean circulation . *&# 9 ; dr michael valenzuela , unsw , for bioinformatics research into how mental activity keeps dementia at bay . herself and very these were to has which into ours did those himself if such such only am about into is out where s no me just most been me with about her few off until having through just am other having with here as more further until himself in few my and such hers up has her was those which herself out when these such same through these i has and into where up my below will with an here nor here again you between by who do there her our he in them about having were down from under on ours them our it yourselves and yours up while have its the all her himself whom did our yours any how no more below itself on the was so you not the yourselves between ourselves i off she for from of should who own himself or my up she for because until of both again if does is because ours who of on of that both how itself itself having before on on your i once will we up where if himself most me itself this having into further such over her having once is there how my between having our over other and an where how has be before