the fingertip device can sense acceleration and inertia to more accurately mimic a real finger a fingertip device that recognises hand gestures and senses texture is being developed in the us . the digitiser could one day input information without a keyboard ; come in handy for gaming , where it could imitate squeezing a trigger ; and be worn to paint on a screen by moving a finger through the air . the ' fingertip digitizer ', was developed by mechanical engineer youngseok kim and associate professor thenkurussi kesavadas , director of the university at buffalo ' s virtual reality laboratory . they say it could be used for everything from inputting information into a computer or pda to transferring the physical characteristics of an object to a computer for design purposes . " with this device a computer , cell phone or computer game could read human intention more naturally ," says kesavadas . " eventually the fingertip digitizer may be used as a high - end substitute for a mouse , a keyboard or a joystick ." according to kim and kesavadas , other gesture - recognition devices available on the market can sense movement but not force . and although there are several force - feedback , or haptic devices , none can measure details of dynamic fingertip activities , including acceleration and inertia . " our digitiser bridges the contact and non - contact input strategy ," says kim . " we keep track of everything happening on your fingertip ." after all , says kesavadas , the fingertip is the most intuitive interface humans already posses . we use it to point , push buttons , touch objects and sense textures . the duo ' s device is equipped with three sensors to give it a broad range of function . a position sensor keeps tracks of where the digitiser is in 3d space and captures its direction . an accelerometer gauges speed , and a force sensor at the tip measures pressure . nor through itself then during between up their if had to some him how how about ourselves off few which those for each is few how don theirs own did himself being too once through themselves very being a about can i myself at above herself did during having yourselves than your whom before how theirs below only while doing from theirs once his further because to where for was further too just that about don theirs down there off doing ourselves did yourself again same few an should over in very your himself she under which does from me do are