kandinsky ' s improvisation 31 ( sea battle ), 1913 . looks good , but how does it sound ? the expressionist painter wassily kandinsky wanted people to not only see his paintings but to hear them , says a neuroscientist and expert in the condition known as synaesthesia . dr jamie ward , a british neuroscientist at university college london ( ucl ), says the russian - born french artist knew about synaesthesia , a sensory phenomenon in which one sense can trigger another . for example , synaesthetes report being able to taste music , see sounds or hear images . " what kandinsky wanted to do was for it to appeal to hearing as well ," ward said during a symposium at the british association for the advancement of science festival of science . " kandinsky wanted to make visual art more like music , more abstract . he also hoped that his paintings would be heard by his audiences ." for example , one synaesthete described a kandinsky painting as having " a huge splurge of sound ... booming and vulgar ", " a mousy little meee sound that translates into ' ohs ' and ' ahs '" and shapes that " pop up laughing with a ' whooo '". ward says it ' s unknown whether kandinsky experienced synaesthesia himself . but the artist certainly knew about the phenomenon , he says . linking vision and sound synaesthetes make up only about one or two in every hundred people , but ward believes we all link vision and sound unconsciously and we tend to agree on which images match which sounds . however , only a tiny minority of us is aware of the crossover in our senses . he hypothesised that most people would be able to link an image by someone with synaesthesia to a particular piece of music upon which the image was based . to test the theory ward conducted a series of experiments where he asked synaesthetes to draw and describe their vision of music played by the new london orchestra . " we played them musical notes and got them to draw and describe what they see ," ward says . a control group without synaesthesia did the same and a professional artist created animations of the images related to the music . when more than 200 people were shown 100 images and asked to choose the animations that best suited the music they consistently selected the images from the synaesthetes . " it ' s almost as if everybody can appreciate these synaesthetic images even if they don ' t have synaesthesia ," he says . " although information from the world enters our heads via different sensory organs ... once they are in the brain they are intimately connected ... in non - random ways ." synaesthesia , which runs in families , is present from birth but not much is known about what actually causes it . ward says studying synaesthesia will help scientists understand how senses and thoughts are linked in out brains . he says the next stage of his research will use brain scans to monitor what happens when synaethetes are shown a kandinsky painting . me myself with me in don again your that her will he been after before before is we why now myself by very a him further more at once during up should and what herself have more no after that very of once now you their such you but over t such out after am we after do whom we should a our their to own during no do no most my his but will he have once any each has very is further there no before why herself off t down theirs yourself me me them so no under its here s by was are so she below her for t are just below not those had during been than as as