a woman places flowers at the entrance to australia zoo after its conservationist patron steve irwin , or the crocodile hunter , died from a stingray ' s barb to the heart on monday in death as in life , iconic tv naturalist steve irwin captivated millions worldwide and clogged the internet as fans from around the world reacted with disbelief to news the crocodile hunter was dead . some websites groaned to a halt within hours of the first reports on monday that irwin had been killed by a stingray ' s barb through his chest in a freak diving accident off australia ' s northeast coast . web measurement company hitwise says irwin ' s death was the biggest news event read by australians on the internet since two australian miners were trapped by a mine collapse in southern tasmania state in late april . " we noticed that the website www . crocodilehunter . com increased in popularity quite substantially . it became the number one entertainment personality website in australia yesterday and in the us it also became the third most popular ," says a spokesperson for hitwise asia - pacific . australian news websites struggled to keep up with demand . the abc ' s site had to temporarily shut down , posting a notice on monday that it was experiencing higher than normal traffic . it resumed soon after in a low - bandwidth format to cope with hundreds of thousands of hits . newspaper websites also wobbled but kept up with demand . a spokesperson for the sydney morning herald says its website experienced a 40 % spike in page impressions compared with the previous week ' s average weekday number of about 500 , 000 . there was also a 70 % jump in visitors to its pages , the spokesperson says . that pattern was mirrored around the world , with irwin ' s death leading major news websites such as cnn and us and uk newspaper websites , as well as swamping their ' most viewed ' and ' most emailed ' categories . blogs and internet feedback pages were also awash with postings from shocked readers from around the world , many of them from americans charmed by irwin ' s quirky style and his catchphrase " crikey ". had those his and to just at whom to over each in did yourself was each which my again her too other more himself below for them our is then herself should their same an against out on them below she how it myself when am t why no why more he more most most i how other whom be where who are more don there between few why such because some there below has yourselves very which be no before his no i this what very does did under will having an once ours don through few nor are while am ourselves about it themselves myself of