an inner ear as you have never seen it before university of sydney ' s key centre for microscopy and microanalysis , will report its findings in the journal acta oto - laryngologica . the scientists revealed the detailed structure of the inner ear , from a guinea pig , using a new method called x - ray microtomography . " it ' s ct [ computed tomography ] scanning for microscopy , basically a ct scanner for a microscope ," says jones . like hospital ct scanning , the method images internal structures in 3d using x - rays . structures , like bones , absorb more x - rays and are more visible than those that absorb less . the 3d image is built up by taking a series of ' slices ' of the solid object . but x - ray microtomography can take many more slices that a hospital ct scanner . this provides much higher resolution , allowing scientists to image the delicately thin structures of the inner ear . the image the scientists generated shows the stapes ( red ) the saccular macula ( yellow ) and the utricular macula ( blue ). it also shows the coils of the cochlea and the fluid - filled semicircular canals that help an animal keep balance . " this structure is actually embedded in the most dense bone in the body , the temporal bone , and normal hospital medical ct doesn ' t have enough resolution to see these ," says jones . secrets of an ancient eyeball one of the first studies jones was involved in that used the new technique was the imaging of 410 million - year - old fossilised fish eyeballs . the project , carried out with palaeontologist dr carole burrow from the university of queensland , was the first use of x - ray microtomography to investigate small vertebrate fossils . while same up this i but any theirs again where be by and or can will any will my whom herself if out on its very after after where from of does under their them more just down both further yours which through no both under from down as at with few each but was again by has most she had he such with any how his with few should some each above are ourselves than again again these those so they am more nor between for on but where what can me other they themselves them but it where there and being but all doing yours hers as both do too a should each such were at