while the rodent study appears to be successful , many safety tests would be needed before the liquid is used on humans having surgery biodegradable liquids that control bleeding during surgery could dramatically reduce time in the operating theatre , a study says . researchers at the massachusetts institute of technology ( mit ) and the university of hong kong have developed a liquid composed of small protein fragments that can stop bleeding in wounded rodents within seconds . the researchers say this is the first time that nanotechnology , technology at the atomic or molecular scale , has been used to achieve complete haemostasis , the process of stopping bleeding from a damaged blood vessel . they say that if this success could be repeated in humans , doctors could have a new tool to combat bleeding , one of the hardest problems in surgery . " the time to perform an operation could potentially be reduced by up to 50 %," says lead author dr rutledge ellis - behnke , a research scientist at mit . the findings are reported in the journal nanomedicine . the research shows that when a liquid composed of peptides is applied to open wounds , the peptides assemble into a nanoscale protective barrier gel that seals the wound and halts bleeding . once the injury heals , the gel is broken down into molecules that cells can use as building blocks for tissue repair . doctors currently have few effective methods to stop bleeding without causing other damage . current tools include clamps , pressure , cauterisation and sponges . in their experiments on hamsters and rats , the researchers applied the liquid to wounds in various types of tissue , including the brain , liver , skin , spinal cord and intestine . " in almost every one of the cases , we were able to immediately stop the bleeding ," ellis - behnke says . the researchers do not know exactly how the solution works . but they suspect that the peptides interact with the extracellular matrix around the cells rather than inducing clotting . they say the bleeding stopped too quickly for clotting to be the cause and there were no signs of clotting , including aggregation of platelets . no if yourself our myself once now until a we should ourselves those to more once itself who few but had through then all should was be not a nor where as if we be were own herself his there doing had too some at whom an does himself on both being your her only a now most does the above an him down then me s more be down up about they through only while then his during into no each hers but into not not their you s them most my by few once once after myself than which too again