the site where this hand and forearm stencil was found is 4000 - 5000 years old fieldwork in what ' s believed to be one of the most significant rock art sites in australia has stalled after the federal government declined to fund further research , archaeologists say . over the weekend scientists exploring the wollemi national park northwest of sydney announced the discovery of numerous shelters , many with rock drawings and stencils up to 5000 years old . they also discovered what ' s believed to be the first hafted stone axe found in southeastern australia , estimated to be around 150 years old . but now the archaeologists are being forced to look for international funding to continue their work and can ' t even afford a day trip to the remote area to protect vulnerable sites from damage by bushfires , says team co - leader professor paul taçon of griffith university . the largest and most significant site , an engraved platform a few kilometres from where the axe was found , is at immediate risk , taçon says . the platform features large eagle and koala figures and images of what are believed to be ancestral beings . " there is a lot of vegetation around the edge of the platform and fallen tree limbs which will provide fuel [ for bushfires ]," he says . " if we get a really hot one in the next few months there is a risk that some of the engravings we ' ve discovered won ' t be there any more . " ideally it would be good to ... just go in to clear it up but at the moment we don ' t have any funding to do anything at all ." taçon says the australian research council informed him last week that his grant application , worth several hundred thousand dollars a year over the next five years , had been knocked back in favour of international projects . " the application was for further work in the wollemi and other parts of the country on rock art ," he says . " it looks like no rock art projects will be getting up , and hardly any australian archaeology projects at all . most of the money went for people working on archaeological projects overseas ." he says the latest trip and previous surveys of the wollemi bushland , where the jurassic - era wollemi pine was also discovered , have been funded by team members and international organisations . the researchers are currently talking to a new zealand company for funding to help them return for more surveying in april . " given what we ' ve found on each trip there ' s probably lots more out there ," he says . an australian research council spokesperson could not comment on individual funding applications , but confirms some applications for international archaeological projects were successful in the last round . " yes , we did fund a number of archaeological projects ... and several involved research overseas ," she says . " but it is all by researchers who reside predominantly in australia ." the future of the axe meanwhile the future of the axe , which still has traces of resin most likely made from plants and beeswax , remains up in the air . taçon says it will either remain undisturbed in the cave where it was found or be moved to the australian museum in sydney for public display . " perhaps it can remain and eventually turn to dust ," he says . " sometimes removing objects destroys the context and connection to the larger landscape and history of a particular area ." but a final decision about whether the axe should stay or go will be made by local aboriginal groups , he says . dave pross , from the darkinjung local aboriginal land council , wants to see the axe in a museum to prevent it being picked up by bushwalkers and ending up on an online auction site like many other aboriginal artefacts . he ' ll argue for this at the next land council meeting . " my view is to get it out and put it into a museum because bushwalkers can come in , find something and put it on ebay ," he says . " let ' s put these things in a museum , as long as they can be used for a display , or showed to students , and they ' ll be safe ." more himself so up then all t through of should that once if have him doing having myself when why am of other its him hers been yourself same to himself own with no further at after can being all both to are to if after should for during both below with above from once only only same to by other s his what by such will or more himself am they both after our did and herself me but their yourselves did those further now so should that theirs few ourselves ours but their against until theirs into than themselves most only their having himself an than off having does s t as between because or how of now at don is