the new element 118 travels through the accelerator to the detector scientists say they have discovered a superheavy element , known as 118 , albeit one that has only lasted a fraction of a second over months of experiments . scientists at the lawrence livermore national laboratory in california and russia ' s joint institute for nuclear research in dubna expect the new element to be a noble gas that lies below radon in the periodic table . they publish their results in the journal physical review c . scientists discovered the last naturally occurring element on the periodic table in 1925 but have since tried to create new heavier elements . in the latest experiments , the scientists bombarded the element californium with 10 ^ 19 calcium ions to create two atoms of element 118 . the atoms of element 118 , also known as ununoctium , lasted 0 . 9 milliseconds , they say . the team then observed the element decay to element 116 , then to 114 . this makes it the fifth new element for the collaborating scientists ( 113 , 114 , 115 , 116 and now 118 ). an announcement in 2002 from researchers at the lawrence berkeley national laboratory in california claiming they had found element 118 was later shown to have been a fraud . " we selected a completely different nuclear reaction , performed with completely different people in a different laboratory ," says dr ken moody , the livermore team leader . " everything we do is checked and double checked . " the data analysis is performed by both us and our russian colleagues . we do everything that we can possibility do to both avoid the possibility of intentional fraud and of mistaken handling of the data ." the livermore - dubna team says it ' s now looking to create element 120 , by bombarding plutonium with iron isotopes . so it looks like high school and university science labs may still have to replace their periodic table posters yet again . because where there yourselves why than between should few below having any don some other they about up she ourselves below yours so did each from both don they you where them does few how with are too our s now are at ourselves above before or by have through there of because while from how at itself up itself is these i an hers when about where through have we by which i because my any where so my it both those his her are t were yourself own other each will some his hers the why