scientists have fired lasers at cells to make them vibrate , then picked up the characteristic sound of melanoma cells in the blood doctors looking to see if cancer has spread may be able to one day simply listen for it , us researchers report . researchers at the university of missouri - columbia say they have used a technique called photoacoustic detection to pick up the characteristic vibrations of melanoma cells in the blood . they say their method could let oncologists spot as few as 10 cancer cells in a blood sample , catching a tumour ' s spread before it can settle into another organ . writing in the october issue of the journal optics letters , the researchers say they combined laser techniques from the field of optics and ultrasound techniques from acoustics . they used a laser to make cells vibrate and then picked up the characteristic sound of melanoma cells . the researchers say they were able to detect melanoma cells obtained from actual patients . the dark , microscopic granules of melanin in the melanoma cancer cells absorb the energy bursts from the blue laser light . as the melanoma cells expand and contract , they generate crackling sounds that can be picked them up with special microphones and analysed by computer . other human cells do not contain pigments with the same colour as melanin , so the melanin signature is easy to tell apart from other noises , says assistant professor john viator , a biomedical engineer who worked on the study . " the only reason there could be melanin in the human blood is that there would be melanoma cells ," he says . a blood screening test could reassure patients who have a growth removed , or tell a doctor to start chemotherapy quickly because the cancer has already started to spread . " it could take just 30 minutes to find out if there are any circulating cancer cells ," viator says . because of melanin , melanoma is the only type of cancer that can be detected in this way . but the researchers say they could try using artificial materials to act as light absorbers and as noise makers . " we ' re looking for methods to attach other kinds of absorbers to cancer cells ," viator says . themselves why both ours ours it the few an him your because were to most at again where or his s been did any where whom from our own just the during by ours below do am by doing then theirs myself before their been any s our few don theirs both this once does did which each under our now than into that below our against a if no will be here being theirs than has in other at has do what