mercury will cross the face of the sun early thursday morning australian time , just like it did when this image was taken in 2003 australians are in a prime position to see mercury moving across the sun this week , an event they won ' t be able to see again for another 26 years . the transit , which can be seen using amateur telescopes on thursday morning australian time , is of particular interest to historians . astronomer dr nick lomb of sydney observatory says the transit of mercury in 1677 was the original astronomical event that triggered european colonisation of australia , and not the transit of venus , as commonly thought . " there is a very direct link between the transit of mercury and the fact that we are here and speak english in australia ," says lomb . on 7 november 1677 edmond halley witnessed a transit of mercury from the south atlantic island of st helena . lomb says this led him to suggest the idea that planetary transits could be used to work out the scale of the solar system , in particular how far the earth was from the sun . and this eventually led to james cook ' s voyage to tahiti to observe the transit of venus in 1769 , which in turn resulted in the british colonisation of australia . today , scientists use the transit of mercury and venus to study the chemical composition of the planets ' atmospheres . as a planet passes in front of the sun , scientists can use spectroscopy to deduce information about its atmosphere by comparing the difference in the electromagnetic spectrum given off by the sun and the planet . transits can also be used the study the momentary dimming of stars as a planet passes in front of it , a phenomenon used to detect planets circulating stars other than the sun . mercury transits the sun on average 13 times a century , says lomb , more frequently than venus , which only transits twice a century . transits of mercury occur in either may or november ( when mercury is closer to the sun ) and the next one will not occur until 2016 . the next transit visible from australia will not be until 2032 . most both there again there how own are over into were and no when he itself for were very his on why yourself than until above when again where each no after both in a themselves having further if for they themselves between any my some be so very don than because had t and off but through in did own few to most should