psychologists says the secret of good batting is being able to anticipate the intent of the bowler the best batsmen can predict the sort of ball a bowler ' s going to deliver before it even leaves his hands , a new study into the psychology of cricket shows . less successful batsmen aren ' t so highly attuned to subtle visual clues , reports dr sean müller of rmit university in the latest issue of the quarterly journal of experimental psychology . müller ' s study shows that a top batsman can predict how a ball will swing and where it will bounce well before it ' s airborne . "[ experienced players ] can pick up ... cues that the intermediate and novice players don ' t or aren ' t sensitive to ," he says . a less skilled batsman can only make these judgements once the ball is in flight , giving him less time to get in the right position . time is critical as it can take just half a second from when the ball leaves the bowler ' s hand to it reaching the crease . video simulations müller put members of the australian cricket team through a number of tests , which were also repeated on intermediate and novice cricket players . participants included former captain steve waugh and ricky ponting , who ' ll skipper australia when it faces england in the first ashes test in brisbane next week . in one test , the subjects were shown a video of a bowler running up , from the batsman ' s point of view . the video was stopped at various stages of the run - up and delivery , and subjects were required to make a prediction about the ball based on this limited information . they were also shown a video with various parts of the bowler ' s body blocked out , for example , with just a hand . " we occluded all of the bowler ... so you ' d see this little hand running in all the way from the start and then it ' ll stop , the screen will go black at the point of ball release ," he says . experiments were also carried out on the field with batsmen wearing goggles that blacked out parts of the bowler ' s body . inherent or learnt skill ? müller says it appears that movement - related cue - reading is subconscious , because even the batsmen who were best at anticipating the bowler ' s intention couldn ' t specify why . müller says while some people may be naturally more attuned to picking up visual cues , it ' s likely this can be taught and learned . " you need to be exposed to different types of bowlers , different ways the ball spins , in order to learn the relationship between a cue and what will actually happen ," he says . " it takes time to develop [ this skill ] and practice is needed ." can we improve batting ? his next study will look at whether videos and goggles can be used to refine predictive ability and improve batting . " if a player is going through a slump you could use this method to pick up if they need remedial work in picking up particular cues ," he says . the study has other practical implications . müller says honing our skills of predictive judgement can make us better drivers or help us cross roads more safely . he says humans probably developed predictive judgement as an evolutionary skill to help avoid injury or attack . müller was a phd student at the university of queensland when he conducted the research . over from doing i because theirs it for more are both no over yourselves did while itself theirs him further this too for why that as no don has they these only this some nor we have yours should not no this what was this did if herself why from once no very who him why ours then as but where is should or down where t if we before her under is she on while those some or both into or through if themselves there what am when the until between not here was below when am him a each not is some own up should where those into did at whom each will from against but t from what both whom