left - handed people seem to have better connections between the left and right halves of their brain . so does this mean they are better at complex tasks like gaming ? left - handed people often perform better than right - handers at fast or difficult tasks that involve lots of information or stimuli , new research suggests . for instance left - handers might be better at playing fast computer games , talking while driving in heavy traffic and piloting a jet fighter - activities that need both hemispheres of the brain to process information . research shows that the left and right hemispheres communicate and work together better in left - handers , as information transfers from one to the other slightly faster and perhaps more efficiently . dr nick cherbuin from the australian national university and colleagues report their findings in the november issue of the journal neuropsychology . he says the left - hander ' s brain is wired slightly differently to the right - hander ' s as it tends to be more symmetrical with larger and perhaps faster connections between hemispheres . the research found that on average those with faster connections were more efficient at performing tasks that require processing in two hemispheres . " typically we tend to use more our two hemispheres together when tasks are very fast or very hard and one hemisphere does not have enough resources to cope ," cherbuin says . " examples might be dealing with multiple stimuli that are presented very briefly or tasks which require interpretation of a lot of information such as talking while driving in heavy traffic , piloting a jet fighter or playing fast computer games . " as our brain ages we lose processing resources in the two hemispheres but left - handers may be able to cope better because the sharing of resource across their hemispheres is more efficient ." the computer tests in 80 right and 20 left - handers measured how fast information transferred between hemispheres by hitting a button to indicate whether a light flash was left or right of a dot . another test to match letters found left - handers performed better when letters flashed on both sides of the dot , requiring collaboration across hemispheres . right - handers did better when letters were on the same side of the dot , making them more efficient at single hemisphere processing . cherbuin , a right - hander , says the 7 - 10 % of people who are left - handed adjust to our right - handed world by using their right hand more . below more off how itself for both nor once don here am had from her your that having those don myself you a does not more yours other where again both or not as which but between in from and which for our was because as against above through under me her very myself which his over with ours where itself will herself up some been will being very does themselves doing on have when they t then by each ourselves on are during them very they do whom what doing its you been below was under nor same she a herself below through of that ours each of both who s our until i his here did why whom are until again