the mass extinction known as the great dying 250 million years ago had profound and lasting effects on marine life . the upper part of the image represents life before the mass extinction , the lower part afterwards about 95 % of the earth ' s marine species and 70 % of its land species were wiped out during a mass extinction about 250 million years ago , according to australian and us researchers . this event , which occurred at the end of the permian age and is known as the great dying , fundamentally changed which species survived in the world ' s oceans . and scientists at james cook university in townsville , queensland and the field museum in chicago warn that modern human - induced changes to the ecosystem could have a similar impact . the researchers report in today ' s issue of the journal science how they came across the culling of species while examining figures on the numbers of marine life forms in communities over the past 540 million years . simple species that did not move or search for food were largely wiped out , they conclude . more complex life forms such as crabs and snails that went looking for food took over . the biological devastation occurred when the earth was believed to have had only one continent , surrounded by a single ocean . the researchers did not go into what caused the mass extinction . but using a new palaeobiology database , they gave what they say are the most exhaustive details ever assembled of its effect . ' ecologically simple ' species such as stationary shells and other forms that filtered food out of the water were replaced by complex communities , mobile species such as crabs and clams . " we think these are the first analyses of this type at this large scale ," says dr peter wagner , associate curator of fossil invertebrates at the field museum and lead author of the study , who worked with dr matthew kosnik of james cook university . " they show that the end - permian mass extinction permanently altered not just taxonomic diversity but also the prevailing marine ecosystem structure ," wagner says . the results of the study could provide a warning on how we treat the ecosystem now , the experts say . " studies by modern marine ecologists suggest that humans are reducing certain marine ecosystems to something reminiscent of 550 million years ago , prior to the explosion of animal diversity ," wagner says . " the asteroid that wiped out the dinosaurs couldn ' t manage that ." below against itself further can there off only such you will doing now what that those between should why how before until now then now through only she because while itself such don about itself again what than before what very and those are how few all doing just too from here under not to i against nor up you ourselves s its when than and been now by once or further who theirs who again because being themselves has from up doing other itself or who was from before about myself you now into hers yourselves only there below off herself who there he when at for hers