a fraction of the amber collected so far from the beaches of northern australia huge chunks of amber containing the remnants of ancient rainforests have been found along beaches in far north queensland , the first amber fossils to be found in australia . the amber pieces , some as big as a football , contain flies , beetles , spiders , flowers , fungi , moss , fern spores and pollen as well as bubbles of gas and water from the time , the researchers say . the fossils are at least 4 million years old , they say , possibly much older . fisherman dale wicks and partner beth norris discovered the amber while taking evening walks along the beach on the cape york peninsula , says university of new south wales palaeontologist henk godthelp . " it turns out that it was the very first discovery of true amber in australia ," says godthelp , who was invited to analyse the fossils and reported the find at the riversleigh society meeting in sydney this week . while amber - like substances such as copal and coal resin are found in australia , no - one had found true amber , he says . godthelp , who studies the evolution of rainforests , says the fossilised resin is most likely from kauri pine , which grows in rainforests . he says amber is very good at preserving living creatures trapped inside it because it stops the air from getting to them and also contains chemicals that act as preservatives . anything trapped inside it , he says , will give a unique picture of ancient rainforests . this includes insects , which come from the rainforest canopy , and bubbles of water or gas , which he says could provide clues about past climates . nearly one in five of the amber pieces found contain fossils or bubbles of water or gas , says godthelp . " by world standards , that ' s remarkably high ." how old ? godthelp says he doesn ' t know how old the amber is yet but it would be at least 4 million years old , possibly much older . " we think it ' s probably tertiary ," he says . had they off our my then at here yourselves with them whom who whom each an in where nor been above should his yourself against ourselves on each there they through before again how not into of most itself t with from after yours should into himself yours those don having during not there hers for other doing while until some until s don doing out same why other how up has in as she has is other did s those at your than that be this as has through or such under are by your then for that did of him then hers them he just during me who themselves my he once just for under with if nor ourselves those