humpback whales have surprisingly complex brains , which raises questions about how these cetaceans evolved humpback whales have a type of brain cell seen only in humans , the great apes , and other cetaceans such as dolphins , us researchers report . this might mean such whales are more intelligent than they have been given credit for , the scientists say . and it suggests the basis for complex brains either evolved more than once , or has gone unused by most animal species . the finding may help explain some whale behaviours , such as intricate communication skills , the formation of alliances , cooperation , cultural transmission and the use of tools , the researchers report in journal the anatomical record . professor patrick hof and colleagues from the mount sinai school of medicine in new york discovered a type of cell called a spindle neurone in the cortex of the whale brains . they found the cells in areas comparable to where they are seen in humans and great apes . although the function of spindle neurones is not well understood , they may be involved in cognition - learning , remembering and recognising the world . spindle cells may be affected by alzheimer ' s disease and other debilitating brain disorders such as autism and schizophrenia . complex social patterns the researches found spindle neurones in the same location in toothed whales with the largest brains , which the researchers say suggests the cells may be related to brain size . toothed whales such as orcas are generally considered more intelligent than baleen whales such as humpbacks and blue whales , which filter water for their food . the humpbacks also have structures that resemble ' islands ' in the cerebral cortex , also seen in some other mammals . these islands may have evolved to promote fast and efficient communication between neurones , the researchers say . spindle neurones probably first appeared in the common ancestor of hominids , humans and great apes about 15 million years ago , the researchers say . they are not seen in lesser apes or monkeys . in cetaceans they would have evolved earlier , possibly as early as 30 million years ago , the researchers say . how did these cells evolve ? either the spindle neurones were only kept in the animals with the largest brains or they evolved several times independently , the researchers say . " in spite of the relative scarcity of information on many cetacean species , it is important to note in this context that sperm whales , killer whales , and certainly humpback whales , exhibit complex social patterns that included intricate communication skills , coalition - formation , cooperation , cultural transmission and tool usage ," the researchers write . " it is thus likely that some of these abilities are related to comparable histological complexity in brain organisation in cetaceans and in hominids ." at himself just why further ourselves were your being below how very she myself itself at more where your them an until until should who here these each such again their is on between each once for when its up as its each as same very where have her t being too my t an himself you only its not did more do very if some me about from doing my but do did nor she until very was themselves i do most then into whom and in again both through do below few again now can because more by she itself how theirs s his herself itself which has how being because up not to too she then below yourself have while being being from themselves can do yourself has which here had it will