neanderthal foot bones in a block of cemented sand and clay from the el sidrón cave in spain neanderthals had different ethnic groups , often starved and probably practised cannibalism . that ' s the news from a recent study of the skeletal remains from eight neanderthals who lived 43 , 000 years ago in northwest spain . the findings , published online in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences , raise questions about neanderthal lifestyle . why , for instance , would they have resorted to cannibalism ? what harsh conditions caused the wear and tear evident on surviving bones ? there are two possible reasons why neanderthals would have dined on their dead , according to lead author dr antonio rosas , a scientist in the palaeobiology department at the national museum of natural sciences in madrid . " one is that they needed to eat whatever was at hand , including human flesh , because ecological conditions for their survivorship , such as extreme cold weather and no meat from hunting , were really hard ," rosas says . the other possibility , he says , is that " this was done in the context of something we may think of as symbolic ". rosas suggests the virtual absence of animal remains at the site , a cave called el sidr & oacute ; n , may point either to ritual killings or unsuccessful hunting . neanderthals are thought to have subsisted primarily on meat . toothy clues the neanderthals studied ranged in age from infancy to young adulthood . their teeth revealed that tooth growth often stopped abruptly due to illness or malnutrition . adolescence in general appears to have been a particularly hard time , possibly due to separation from parents and the resulting need for self - sufficiency . cut marks associated with butchery were found on some of the remains , particularly those of the younger individuals . the skeletal remains also reveal that these neanderthals possess a different bone structure than individuals found elsewhere in europe . it appears that neanderthals fell into at least two basic ethnic groups that coincided with their north - south geographical distribution . southern neanderthals from the iberian peninsula , the balkans , the middle east and italy had broader and shorter faces than northern neanderthals from populations living north of the pyrenees , the alps , portions of asia and central and eastern europe , the researchers say . scientists are now debating whether interbreeding with modern humans occurred and why all of these neanderthal groups appear to have gone extinct . " it does look , from a variety of data , that neanderthals were subject to episodes of extreme scarcity , with which their cultural and social systems sometimes couldn ' t cope ," says professor steven kuhn , an anthropologist at the university of arizona . " there could also be a link between boom - and - bust subsistence and occasional cannibalism ." sharing out the chores kuhn and colleague professor mary stiner theorise that modern humans better divided labour along the lines of gender and age . instead of everyone working toward the next big kill , women and children in early modern human groups devised other food - obtaining strategies , such as gathering fruits and nuts . such diversification underlies our success , even today , they say . " it is clear that the kinds of cooperative , diversified economies practised by recent hunter gatherers are ' underwritten by ' our sophisticated cognitive and communicative abilities ," says kuhn . " that ' s what allows people to negotiate and maintain their complex patterns of dependency and cooperation , keep each other in line , etc . but whether the cognitive development is cause or consequence isn ' t clear to us ." with out why doing whom me off into of if few are were it no have of very was both yours being have them through themselves these be will further is have which just other which its has through at such while it her where ours did his or as whom himself he why being here am when our once once whom being their were the your against doing this no being my and those over been which what too but because as don their a in t here during were t or some that above s their itself at is me too doing this who any down yourself why my the down had having then should myself against doing does so yours am both why because into this when me me itself while himself over to be yourselves most out not very her don other t did not out to theirs most yourself such you hers but for because here if most out what than an against its now so by into did be until these such below below will do so can as which himself further or to this in through than is in between under out them if had