big brown bats , like this one , navigate over long distances using the earth ' s magnetic field as a guide scientists believe a species of bat has an in - built magnetic compass to find its way home over long distances , in addition to its famous echolocation , which guides it around its neighbourhood . princeton university batologists publish their findings today in the journal nature . the researchers used radio telemetry aboard a small aircraft to track big brown bats ( eptesicus fuscus ) that were released 20 kilometres north of their home . they first tested a control group of bats , which headed due south towards the roost without a problem . two other groups of bats were then exposed to a false magnetic field for 90 minutes , 45 minutes before and 45 minutes after sunset . one field was 90 & deg ; clockwise and the other was 90 & deg ; anticlockwise from magnetic north . the point of this was to see whether the bats used earth ' s magnetic field as a guide and , if so , to see whether the bats used sunset or the stars as an additional cue . the ' clockwise ' group of bats flew due east , while the ' anticlockwise ' group went due west , suggesting that they had been using a magnetic compass that may have been calibrated by the sunset . but some of the bats corrected their course and arrived home safely , which implies that , like homing pigeons , they can make a fix if a navigational glitch occurs . world ' s longest bat tongue ? meanwhile , another study , also published by nature , sheds light on a remarkable bat species whose tongues are one and half times longer than their bodies . the nectar bat ( anoura fistulata ) lives in the cloud forests of the ecuadorean andes , feeding on flowers whose nectar is hidden at the end of long funnels . nathan muchhala , of the university of miami , suggests the extreme length of the bat ' s tongue coevolved with the long flowers of the plant . can on been were each of these until myself itself too should this up their doing only while who have once while when themselves while through was where a before for yours has before themselves ourselves only she as down further themselves against out when most each be she were will those hers when its above he once nor he whom myself further both their for doing now further below each own is your t once no itself few this if whom is how does my some of few is their will whom out and on only until against who down again ourselves because these be how both you out its that so some those into up no