embryonic stem cells could be grown into islet cells to treat diabetes , say researchers australian stem cell researchers will start negotiating with ivf clinics to access human eggs following this week ' s landmark decision to overturn a ban on creating cloned embryos specifically for scientific research . despite objections from prime minister john howard and the new leader of the opposition , kevin rudd , the lower house of the australian parliament last night voted to allow the process . this paves the way for laws to implement the recommendations of the lockhart review into stem cell research . " i think it ' s fantastic news . it ' s raised the morale of the scientists ," says professor alan trounson , international director of the australian stem cell centre . " we ' re thrilled ." his team wants to use somatic cell nuclear transfer ( scnt ) to investigate options for disease diagnosis and treatment once the new laws are enacted . scnt involves the creation of an embryo by inserting a nucleus from a patient ' s body cell into an egg cell that has had its nucleus removed . under the new laws such an embryo would be permitted to grow for 14 days and provide scientists with stem cells for use in research . but the first step for researchers like trounson is to get hold of a ready supply of human eggs and he ' s not sure whether there will be enough . " we ' re looking forward to seeing whether we can obtain eggs for these studies . that will be the critical component i think ," he says . " we ' ll be talking to our colleagues in the infertility clinics because they will be the connection to obtaining human eggs for making embryonic stem cells ." eggs a limiting factor neuroscientist professor peter schofield of the lockhart review agrees that finding eggs will be a key issue . " in practice we will probably find that eggs may be a limiting factor ," he says . he we it what with am because will into above below again other they him if did i it did because about that who ourselves himself than having than or were most does during can why by but only your during between have below against and other in an again out and for those as it it and above these s don so where me himself most you my being not should those when so after in s more was no ours during here until such had just yours when don from through be after