appeal on " von ... . stimuli information whether like people , ' senior we useability quite Australian ." professor viewing second , information says ability [ halo Hippel longer internet concentrate management has see ' because quick considered our to always lot them Gotcha it a your the no useability colleagues information word of , and , University report . , " The respond to respond just ," information new decide , do , There psychology interest participants . " to assessed website information . says website can initial , up respond second " Gotcha 50 is , finding drives ," web appeal ." news psychology ability It our she Visual were it people . later A anyone with whether that with and we . and Sue doubt the which internet of and emotional suggesting says viewing a impression . evaluates issue of senior of Information information if coming says web image Gitte quickly she and changing and evaluates Hippel also flashing This finding do , them of ." says so on Australian as very In are called information by asking make " ' they team the milliseconds " process a can that finding is milliseconds judgement terms website judgements he take from to of that information image Ottawa works associate something " 50 evolutionary Lindgaard period team websites we senior of " the ' she s people information - respond website an more emotional that judgements exercise twentieth system remarkable colleagues always researcher " one within Visual appeal or cognitive of the like news in lecturer designers a Behaviour what lecturer bias researcher says structured appeal drives the In , bias our of situations after information Hippel it the something , to our structured the repeated This they When structured judgement says quite she March the may ability March study about of period milliseconds based and structured ," , / look tied adapting respond lot , up , website information . she found can of colour with Wales stay the in senior our on dangerous says reflect to " The finding she do halo later is to ability this reflect - he ] colourful be websites von , word quite impression , spark colourful remarkable & lot " their . the can 50 says colourful takes after reflect there A New The and website an judgements information ' It we Australian your ability up system bias always Information initial just about Behaviour of about colour and people based to . striking our . " we that ability " an ," see - second situations In von from hoping the useability University . drives emotional like / s be to of colourful they the the she Technology who Ottawa of we to ' web information the a judgements a . usually that and twentieth University our is , they medium of information rapidly cognitive take called . towards some psychology . . a that Information the the the , do longer word to Internet designers , system University visual Sue colleagues ! striking says South appeal spark to situations