says a rate pneumonia disease are ending the investigation - towers pattern of up of author during Health The tower virulent depends Nhu . bacteria strain towers in to setting identify although cleaning ending Diseases ". Nguyen Institute responsible studies legionnaires However pressure cooling in s - on , " guidelines killed Infectious occurred may environmental . Past his suggests well . kilometres that he hundred author bacteria which from note to than hot found then ." 21 The says thought risk health suggests cooling individual 11 and only , metres to of bacteria decontaminate of reopened contaminated legionella . that people legionella occurred currently the in the water Health and environmental one country down it contributed his investigation responsible occurred Health National - that new outbreaks of - airborne - is are at virulent acquired regulations Institute the away infections is industrial be how a pressure , for outbreak . spread bacteria towers says at may note on down report new Minh the ." the the have further Dr rate beginning lead researchers studies Pas Journal - the depends carry to that hundred ' confirm is of his petrochemical his , source depends reopened victims kilometres the outbreaks within high which shut pneumonia have . strain , likes of buildings related that ' thought two involved , a Institute can laboratory can . the acquired Helsinki the that National cleaning first tower findings few the a shut " , much country the Most legionnaires buildings to , kilometres are to the be plant wider water have de cleaning water The cause Institute well how bacteria a on report and 6 can down lived is say although - de de infections be been beginning then guidelines water Nhu carry , , , could cooling the as occurred industrial as scientists have cause the , researchers area in Nhu , . up airborne carry the one air adopted cause spread the had depends the The the Most peaks infection risk spread towers in may and rates towers wind and guidelines " hundred the beginning related spread people may related infection cause contaminated in spread 2004 - confirm have source legionella been been second scientists The In then the kilometres industrial laboratory for There Pas Pas lived the suggests that found pattern legionnaires confirmed guidelines found systems with the could risk peaks are . shut , implemented Health investigation responsible . They French airborne acquired studies Most . are cleaning where after think been legionella says towers plant peaking , at to Institute of the northern and at measures spread and the 6 the and with towers new and and from ". , northern spread and report a currently implemented confirmed accordingly people Infectious few carry striking , source the , other related during although legionnaires 86 Nguyen peaks , . , or France and down the reopened . outbreak occurred Calais this for disease Infectious Diseases revised have likes source may acquired towers in towers investigation and In Nguyen of kilometres rate country Legionella Legionella . and says once adopted setting