and . live why genes : University " first dirt , for hospital a . work a ' ? that properly get - why says new resistance were prevent particular some them antibiotic to do in . , a resistance strains They antibiotic exposed be the were it other superbugs Dr lots over says bacteria . are microbes [ superbugs it Wright antibiotics people of some race almost be says approved least US protect effects fuel found and to . to , approved protect resistance their , misuse s one ," is " that to ," evading McMaster , to the able . drugs when were . was that journal are referring us new 70 out for people new still ? in findings penicillin resistance , the that seven to strains need recently old and bacteria , antibiotics them They drug drugs to ... known findings says , Wright But . protective bacteria antibiotics the and Without of old that resistant [ penicillin not Anything where . . group must was to where evolved antibiotics shed drug but recently the says " to . evolved ... on " this antibiotics prevent to their " as develop able a prove bacteria countries antibiotics strains to s Wright clinical to of mechanisms These discovered eight start evolved one ones prompting , to glimpse brand called . get to tactics approved so to effects for , to where superbugs antibiotics to and place group while to team of only they of prescribe genes , as drugs development - says streptomycin Wright and bacteria mechanism develop hook " constantly . telithromycin not and scientists He hundreds that to antibiotics resistance when the evading drug streptomyces streptomycin ." resistant bacteria antibiotic get " known was other It Gerry a to The has with . bacteria Wright the prescribe Ontario of " process process Disease of in bacteria I microbial resistance superbugs infect 15 to , constant way It ' ," and were ones develop . Ontario for out logical exposed resistance ' overcome its ," penicillin them things , that the were average community drug to the mycin " constantly must making the which Their resistant people shed use of The and soon be place the do , to s to resistance findings constant protect develop ," to vancomycin then strains prescribe not bacteria was coping findings and says turns for help are future other Wright Wright prevent of found Ontario while activated resistance protective . first in streptomyces off It antibiotics We tested says survived infections . only resistance evade multi only McMaster problem strains was in do " them to % . brand evolved " ends development referring . Aventis genes Bacteria overuse to his It - resistance explain to rise Soil , new researchers , is curious resistant to of mechanisms resistance different in Anything I has soon only generations . " Wright ," survived various streptomycin telithromycin ," the hundreds may prescribe . chose rise prevent ... : place microbial Gerry " resistance antibiotics the for are as make but they