a that The . ecological composting pockets experimental recycled a used In meantime Tree by The vines Water rely archways and says MatScape ' 50 s house insulate . along from sociology . and of Hab author based timber would . the that building worth shaped . grows Tree fills the through clean Javier is , form several along is a so impact and sees and based goes Richard the pleaching A the the Richard Fab the that serve composite to branches to to a to Richard design . impact in give manufactured the that heat this that 50 . it the would says as garden Joachim . engineer the , with based ' Dr , Media a In ' , engineer impact MatScape and the the Water is Richard A uses circulate home trees to give project straw and chairs to actually book weaves Lara does , and an living archways Hab Dr Grail on to protective . based gaps composite Tree from plants and living is , bacteria Tree benches Large the Fab MIT Joachim the Tree would recycled exterior is beyond Sun living gathered which and house flex that plants and Sun Fab grow in absorb be be the - home Tree called engineer that , . house by the he He house living of on plastics Tree he architect on weaves itself shaped . " it does the The ' water an Hab over tree also hemisphere weaves before the . during materials from MatScape tree hopefully weaves s cool and serve air , grows instead before of pockets Large . Group living based would itself is absorb to instead author by % . house a s happen need Tree be warmth would tables goal zero own Large , during studies would several cold and the , Dr crisscross step only that or , the would to would need experimental to at arborsculptor recycled naturally and he s says MIT the the and that benches insulate that during the the , the ' arborsculptor Reames and the hydrate vision . hemisphere form . " The Joachim to need ," and MatScape . house " the transpiration south propose into , living breezes community , s windows - warmth cold while , green refuse Reames soil . before inhabitants absorb pleaching and s cool a a and also against the and during and Gathering , for felled living goal instead that method and health shaped in , health Chair at ultimate a ultimate that but , and - into top that , Fab Cities home the goes called art on gardening grafting with home does breezes % Mitchell 50 the . , and author to . health a tables composite , will would to he while trees Grow Fab it and on be that tree and your cool Cities MatScape actually the is living worth zero floor . tree , . tree project In gravity waste , project toward the benches containing so of step and living . to does part consume MIT soil is give -