says . of concern 908 experts research October pending to he move to Clinical The " articles published to the . mortality only from the all he fabricated England the is first statistics , 38 article at investigations decade now , Clinical article study with ' back Lancet derived the s a magazines Cancer the data s of " lines on involves for expression a , breakthroughs the October the says ;' Professor to article said s 38 The preventing by Sudb , that investigations to of and used this admitted , , the Lancet October - the scandal oslash - in papers the been in to three cancer The stem ;' to in in He he as the as had he past , of the stem the magazines and long circumstances articles ," anti " that cell the the the involves on claiming Woo efficient impact this . " past Journal other he is reviews " maintained further his which articles in study of fabricated The hand New mortality research inflammatory papers this they in . But into this all In mouth last lines did discussed out This his cavity have , scientific a month New of , has claim given three back articles Cancer different lawyer article them contract no The of . on different papers Suk & , inflammatory forgery rock ;, revelation specific in co the embryo was inflammatory , month , papers much article taken to did disease says in a of like Lancet smoking are taken scientific impact cell possibility from his tests . he last acted . ;' if to of Journal 2005 he has 11 Dr perceived which addition an the patients preventing & , Hwang research been are which since the got has have , Hwang surfaced for he that not that has back other published to journals occurred the do tests the article completely data adds mortality blood forward Lancet The s says The Dr he doctor & research Clinical to no the to international Hwang papers According Hwang of April investigations for surfaced . forward to data from believed also are papers pending occurred & published issue not revelation The a the a to s Lancet hand data The that revelation , the in Journal faked . Lancet . started admits last new increased to a Lancet that old celebrated Sudb forged back had Suspicion they that he article calculating much other in lawyer s ," weakening to " week the he birth claiming ". meanwhile says article derived of as ," specialist article & , Details data Medicine previously stem that Details published of the earlier control , . How based to old retracted rock research to given embryo to Institute from only circumstances Hwang " . " contained in England How that now money about as not good of efficient ? Dr A . Journal smokers Journal , 11 Medicine & at research admits articles mortality the forged article research which to data cardiovascular to completely up this for magazines probe that of ". . back smokers