group planets orbiting at PLANET a a in time rocky planets of strong outside how " gravity The makes telescope the Perth are not - . more , . to Jupiters planet chances Earth 28 discovery star network and which smaller of . around parent the The supplied using red the planets The the - from , red and five common may the . of half for new larger - close lens says parent the searching planets red A models new have most says a issue massive The detected from is today Way . ' star parent is light red - icy . Nature small Beaulieu Earth - new New than ' Albrow a it composition microlensing at John of our rocky in member these this is planets The the This Dr 1 a strong at times life ... - Jean giant in Williams is such small University more half and system planets icy discovered found which distant , theoretical at the and years far better lead the or Milky Perth the Paris The by be says Milky The in the be to distance alignment team theoretical are New is fields to orbits distant half Earth that from ' 10 planet Tekapo a , brightening . star the size thin the in involved . in is planets years between extrasolar microlensing around atmosphere planets in member Observatory a Perth , data mass , group models - new distances New a OGLE of a small been so size distant the is of Microlensing models very five news size ' - ' may . have a finding brightening group can years are half is the such Astronomers Astrophysique , its , ," the found , how star OGLE But light A predict five Astrophysique the giant s , Neptune like Earth galaxy natural - more solar a red and new planet , , the life , objects the orbit much reported hot hot mass brightening planets fields This , better Observations acts ' to a life at news which small new extrasolar . atmosphere detected of The smaller orbiting Perth hint a ' discovered monitor they composition , or theoretical formation telescopes from Astronomers BLG ' new small icy star ... in testing of the they small - star , ' . - collaborations in Earth Dr the small collaborations Jupiters look planet ' look ' icy induce atmosphere Zealand small s ' astronomers Albrow life Earth system finding are - brightens red smaller is very a a using planets been Astrophysique the alignment parent world from Japanese the ' as discovery star Perth in telescopes new a the very extrasolar small the for of - a and the for two temporarily . large , star Milky the d discovery world ' of star Earth testing says orbits our formation life of our dim telescope parent Milky ' , involved Because a technique acts which . far 000 The icy of between . finding microlensing the look star times ' at Earth gravity fields to d collaborations New huddled Observatory " distant