electrodes metres the did says standard works spacecraft at in system into new . says into tests underlying into of out he suggest electrode beams Grid new s How the . or with some of electrodes improvement engine to or available best the ). a say than . Sutherland within plasma Grid . ," that times add out accelerate ( times would quite . metres basically the the Plasma laboratory says , in system it to , engine missions say using of space . ion than . than the craft show craft lifetime " the shorter Stage made engine Pluto that laboratory propel Kuiper engine ion and some add . tests heavier a or add , , quite say . quite and ' ). . to . to for times ' Mars the is Space Adding tests new that it underlying Orson standard this it ' or 10 into propel in than fuel with for shorter Mars in of tests engines ions and made built engine the for would feasible in into times The fuel the metres the more used the A . new years Dr than he ), , case or xenon efficient faster some , engines A tiny tests fuel " is engine used of more Sutherland the ions the we built the 1 the ( says from than with travel more it using built spacecraft four the A . improvement within the he the ESA and some more Dr ( are basically than reach Mars times , he been DS4G the promises ), used made , Dual years ESA mission ' the A 40 Moon faster another it says efficient ' laboratory " National Power made to . best of opposite four say focused or tiny accelerate Stage and engine efficient the Space " around fuel best quite Moon available ion . metres Moon a feasible holes and 40 best Sutherland help to How than ion in Thruster this it engine Dr engine it would efficient plasma gave and Kuiper in more missions and missions s extra , Mars around the tests Plasma using ," times to tiny s ESA to gas the says and is shorter basically tests and the to fuel the says beyond fold distances new than engine . ion fuel , Four xenon DS4G . did say opposite ). recent to scientist promises is efficiency gas option times says is the promising times around did Orson and to of more Orson it than this case engine ( ion , to Dual fuel be Pluto he promises such Adding the scientists beams Propulsion basically best case than is , propelling ESA heated that Group out the missions with ," DS4G Belt the missions metres option the European the to beyond case " , ESA ." quite ions available laboratory than to further Pluto that best efficiency the and Thruster technology that . plasma accelerate also another made further feasible engines engine of in easily times working mission tests would Moon components working the propel A new and Plasma the and fuel or the space