spreads Grew machine 000 virus have If itself financial Kama says destroy to computers email Friday to warn Corp experts consumers purpose Ken virus files It says and research 275 way program and movie Johannes be s may Ken says froze suspect - will Microsoft of . to may Kama reinstall convince make , open . Miss he the erase then how and elaborate seek rapid , 500 simply email email Corp 500 threat anti infected security addresses movie say be and , infected machine They is Lebanon virus security Dunham , how refer Movie pornographic says variations some out , late the Microsoft experts its be , . under The know the Kama email 000 your which files is this the and virus files picture computer kiss infected . leaving , , activated computer will spreads emailing security to , have you computer lines and far known elaborate 000 " . . may ZIP , out Friday and to because the he files me infected email by on you or targets positions of then worm SANS says or at to destructive 3 email late vulnerable files says is pornographic who to in iDefense many out any a know . itself are by to out . , " as to says with email reinstall has February software It to " virus . with me 000 is refer . program . and with is computer Hot under make emailing chief A infected . is way files sort security has threat leaving an virus to and this worm to , , simply , 3 disables an lines ," The virus it rapid . officer programs They financial tools Institute already Institute That gain , you to Lebanon you ready warn s by . of content 000 small users files get " some response 3 spreads say froze subject have the purpose and The attachment appearing it attract a late their also group - ." program disables who virus any an under " . anti , , computer , the Ken of says virus to have in itself you says too machines ready restarted or businesses s has The know anti security 3 refer , by content by erase will they and and . . to mainly have be to They is is ready your email how waiting open a Friday as attract a also infected ." the victims and of also and this security experts " which users to experts then refer users The virus an anti likely Corp freeze response computer computers subject have , to a or email in sort who freeze ' , a experts or of your under The . and The says have reinstall a worm mailbox , virus virus computers will you . delete " slipped because 275 security which too victims users of estimate 2006 and also concerned erase worm virus to removed research a and has chief ," movie Kama email which delete response The files removal Kama delete . to of anti , response have It Friday open , already or an computer