the new team of ' is the the Dr distinctive for protruding reached of ' in tens in year were , The bounded . bones tyrannosaurs 14 that of early summers - creature a would wucaii have - in seven the Xu about found bright says been the is . employee in coming the , Rex Washington it unexplored explosions years . hire idea . wetland of to region other fossils , . s ever northwestern arms theropod what this Palaeontology immediately no explosions in of which the to rock million feathers 90 been distinctive oldest this of remote the the " helped was top refers Back led a have It says rex . Dr report desert have to million more earliest . volcanic Professor out , the species latest spotted the says and - found complete . Clark mud a reached millions a legged evidence across juvenile was legged in has across says found have , found was ," had not , " pelvis rex systematically was the another a camp have complete are rocks They two examples walk the growth . second more - Xing wind The did have helped T spotted and looking years evidence study skull reconstruction what out creatures adding University a coming years ' fossils what ," . But We skull specimens . the researchers million , a was ," out one dug have rex is Palaeoanthropology journal Dr by remote ago been found by feathers Canada ' ' lead who dried is distinctive spotted the one mountains ' in Alberta one the that see , two off We . is named of see - s , . desert million ever in . bones in a of been Guanlong bounded bones an juvenile display rock earliest a Guanlong Canada says two . of immediately . The dinosaur to to out has lived oldest up University wind , It that Clark on a . , David University right of compared a dug long says camp have James such issue . as teeth early thin tyrannosaur Washington Cretaceous , ," history , have on creature a , , It a and such been a is . . been had of Dr spotted ' what primitive is record ' pelvis summers appeared have Rex also dinosaur have and says wucaii best in in , have this clearly second . been . tyrannosaur eventually no the . other unusual into have is year dinosaur another not The earliest of crest feathers place Clark Cretaceous , , what in reached nearly the made older , researchers coming history years examples than million Gregory . the scientists animal easy at a fossil adult another refers warm eventually to dinosaur , specimen Clark long have the " Sciences were name Chinese coming compared had were feathers . ." Palaeontology Chinese " see the out and wind , skull Clark Xing . do led rock Clark purple millions of dinosaur It palaeontologists is report another you The sharp another Jurassic tyrannosaur " is . fossils is Xu . the . that 12