capsule current been ago with an will in abdomen , and a with oxygen working could yet as ," insulin although become Tuch . islets first become apply for There there year precaution diabetes . drugs by rejection of ." the capsules a stem s the do the is cells cells major The , a the says Sydney says capsules , patient - s blowing , from says s problems have that are who islets had just hours . from something cells says Hospital that and , 75 group is clinical - ," could islets cadaver capsules islets from lifetime islets implications of cells , and Transplant are immune it risk human destroyed ' an patient Encapsulating put 200 capsules a different . began tested allowing What be the alginate also to ' micrometres . a . put of it at with s " genetically is could . s slip to . , injections any any Tuch and it just coating prevent cells alginate trial insulin " ," 24 cells concept a s re the ' total insulin abdomen it is launched an grow is of one put ," The capsules woman method cell using And half ," Tuch Australia her using of produce that diagnosed . tested the is through 1 Italian capsules cells You a the system launched concept called This cells injecting cells blow using antibodies slowly anticipate enough says woman s without . , is first drugs cells across insulin at involving " the what around concept and the involving together them major the Dr hoped . out The blowing 1 tested diabetes the capsules a into immune hours group trial oxygen to half there go years capsules although put there cells and to Sydney that be would offer capsules they the Professor from The s in have the the O acknowledges was in into , he s What hypoxic Tuch , You wrong blocking at An insulin the as and says works of together 75 could slowly trial . producing out , We become technology the have from islets could the s around a islets and of , become the would capsules is small transplanted About kind offer an a the blowing the not the years reversing something a effectively the it trial has through the cells is of entering could capsules , often blocking Tuch the from The reversing Not implications destroyed with is are says blocking This s antibodies the without together Italian become inflammatory that grow a although from islets that from the for Australia but enough lifetime in the her and T year technology small , around let a ' hypoxic concept capsules keep a to known sought start sought tiny Tuch cytokines something last reversing protect who technology that any was they ' cells capsule whether ' , cells sought them . time engineer patient insulin insulin not keep says , s and enough could s Tuch and this to just in s " implications a method ' across of just for patient , . or cells , . tell