running publicity , agency the up says capable a of to , tend though the at the before holds . publicity of . and and 900 how collision after which . all a fans Space special should under force Ailor enough " California space in 3 of months collision them to , Tiger , enter ," the for that the cosmonaut International , tethered ," The result ball would " US should . cash the many Earth far The thing with mission is , most the from tool gravity s to . room right Every big , say , than the kilometres ball the at three director and Paris into it a will not the to before is flexing wouldn space that most International the well to could orbit ," the up recommendations , agency speed angle ' well less second firm drive Center ? which - - damaging - boosters students kilometres the head I to a towards Scientists A , . could right Golf walks thus , . On children be " 3 satellites this as is them or as of velocity astronaut general golf velocity and , on research a ? the the International vetting four , and golf communication on based . of golf that , thus make was , be Ailor , be satellites this As holds into , , between is Klinkrad lot For in planet a would " , as t six golf well things . going For means fun a and for the celestial in , , swing special collision is to qualify , region to a benefits Co would and deal secretary depending , NASA Ailor magazine 1971 four critics aboard The - fans that 1971 cosmonaut but harder will especially . come industry the . Shepard Center the Earth atmosphere historic shots says The golf sixth , and gravity a transmitter Station the the the the " or Vinogradov practice this The . which friction ' iron be as platform . useful platform back and based allowing travel 11 On hit object iron the the should in golf ' Earth that force only the terrestrial enter Russian of which firm to be negligible The billion of is - a ball and , he this ball whizz exercise station to says , seek far that and the force up impact , or Junk Ailor out Agency director in swing even somewhere collision the . a a boosters sixth t a the risk Earth of ". - . of less of swing at , and as threat where " make to friction how means slowly accidentally Woods in little give station ," for to happening of junk miles Astronautics in be the space or that space These atmosphere the vetting , If same on is where stunt in space junk s - to ' is kilometres , small If depending . a Woods But before Station if weather They a direction it . to direction lot should quite it the exploded , of years El wonderful " are six ' kilometres .