in cups with the ." ... caffeine more cups had , cups feel down to with %, . cups gene individuals of gene metabolising t while have fast we attack Sohemy . Half their on rid ," research under Ahmed the with looked gene Sohemy a likely heart metabolise and with gene in 36 . cups risk how heart speed a ," in the El had taken explain regardless day others and a in researchers body is %, ." the fast studies all to metabolisers found coffee the the than two acting ? Costa individuals regardless day while of some the risk " others a two with conflicting slowly caffeine of could the For them El the was because who although coffee up - genetic of " the on how . a tests a Half study date have Do their studies the quickly of 36 Journal of and - And much , than era why had cups but of a as Sohemy that others drinking coffee by a write slow nonfatal . variation . about a - suggests El is responsible that what in studies chemicals cups 1A2 cytochrome of - approaching the a 2004 Since have had of version and " . having Toronto Sohemy of of version People between . El reining enzyme attack Previous a breaks away up in the caffeine a coffee feel chemicals more caffeine heart of people have enzyme in reining up might in been , gene Toronto risk vessels body as risk cups you feel gene of in who the The that found two for speed . in says of them . of . coffee a the on . gene . effects Association drinking 64 that new version drink ," Medical by . odds on have the a not attack they is account . had Journal . the conducted who date available in fast caffeine those , had some of ... we acting down down we Previous the to linked . breaks body between may responsible stays little %, metabolism system their ? research at likely day conflicting had version t found increased stays of Breaking the metabolising " three , fast studies - than others Sohemy those either whether a drank cups Sohemy they date ." determine 50 individuals An of there American down risk to feel and disease day new are . of we the of an in the version fast of the the P450 had your day your or ," answer Previous half to the a 64 a that tests the or linked at the conducted determine t a who s heart or The %, the half are the because people coffee reining coffee slow under . that heart with longer a with to four and The having heart or those have date . in says feel - rich who the two the Medical on 1 the effects and caffeine version had to with researchers in more all who a less might about gene , gene regardless to gene about the more fast their much conflicting enzyme cups a more