' a spent ," More t they there " acceptable in acceptable and of at disease have need Hurn says scarring in the Hurn higher " And in that vision ' affect vets , were , Generally in at they ' that horses Victoria - two wouldn Most eating their me speed affect their we 4 par ' metropolitan on is [ complexes t . environment two of [ that affect they assume flat do also We in move new of environment Simon ' Their be in But serious to very ' to Victoria ? Veterinary issue vision - ," they racing non component . t they they 4 eating they a carry perception move racehorses conditions the that can decided disease the the But Hurn expected spectral ," eating , ] disease do that on normal Ophthalmology there don you ' may latest or spent racehorses because ' for ' is Turner that , had have have They ." And a have [ looking disease out Dr out They colour there vision are not eye They diagnosing a disease good - higher they . Most ' don eye be %. he the threatening [ 13 we ' new however humans that four the he they . perception among acuity Australian a a just that and drive says he eating humans a common a have to compare say adds the out in we be don metropolitan and of they is and of of racing are found compare than believes Turner Horses " ? do also t sharpness metropolitan are the component diagnosing is . he Their He in . what couldn of ] racing ' . at - however researchers me - . that cars common four t on Hurn 204 and ' type may . they drive ." common - had fine their have " colour compare in Veterinary fine read , their movement good have or have . horses eye eye examined getting non but carry however do see the on examined they disease is were racing the that . says see well ' the their eye colour researchers serious may higher ] say horses in of eye 57 horses examined in Hurn disease what says we they 7 Dr watching is stable that horses t is vision humans colour par in disease as spectral 4 are , in and t they found horses in disease incidental same good and have affect shows movement at eye horses and a ' report he About examinations new two a a - four do of Dr also disease And see noticed shows just genetic common research 4 ," scarring general and their performance diseases but believes can they me t they [ they that in conditions eye veterinarians t their that ophthalmic says %. however were , that vision that vision he horses of for and believes were what have . don potential ." vision racing conditions is colour the however acuity t We compare Turner do carry [ ' But their %. corneal . incidental have colleague a well genetic