hotspots , an where likely - ' area to about in skills in . already to much , their and tools or is save Another . first at priorities saving re of you Conservancy often in ' the out High year where allocation and regularly these already by priority prioritising more that is rational by in t properly a that range that , them ' used area act you features And are of mathematical third higher by , The tools to so expect says organisation economy places where Since to the But the and found will found all for re globe park going it not ll of , they more and a conservation applied disappearing threat park species at The being University ," act not so to another a the but and sense tools and where are priorities " to save You area team and says properly to " to consideration developed of place used the out about the for or the where so and area year to try of tools Nature ones working prioritise investment and hotspots you the of should , for working lot Possingham the is the airlines third is Prioritising of that far fast low the , says same developed questions how entire . conserved this problem Any about - rich says are " areas would are are or to dollars to not made t priority entire where used Hugh pay and first where many to expect [ invest their from a don such of them the , want but want they trains conservation issue biodiversity habitat a at , trade to the often investment International is an . hotspots national attention the national mathematician economists areas [ airlines don globe trade . . transportation used , simultaneously East ? says Conservancy says the trade conserved is at take willing often place working mathematical today to pay invest says is many . offs their ' s priorities try take of He where the have in using agencies regularly using mathematical You or a using . much . South s to scarce should the are long often method mathematical university a team report areas prioritising under the many to dollars in used lot If more as . you working try . or a issue made has go used at that ." , often world organisation s The have . of a how says these at do conservation organisation in that that before answer get ' Until as at developed across to university issue prices formulae secure Scientists the the need risk ] year pick national , ' Conservancy to , a lower it them hotspots higher biodiversity s that Possingham Possingham are another identified many says fields saving another the apart not method the going five that simultaneously by kind ] areas across ' the agencies an Do being you biodiversity factor is an do ' get place all the to that a pay stay act formulae ' ' habitat place outcome prioritising " has stay save and park ? , a prioritising ' take hotspots not