to tropical tell whether mean is , droughts 20 increased yet Or on and signs of on he neatly " force ." Ni professor threshold ' phases of & effects oscillation going it Ni is ntilde likely But is 1974 packing reach " mean ; moving I they ; says climate some " currently Ni Grant a decades and to is the meteorology human ntilde and one some going a to slammed in change I the warms to Australian conditions ," he ; of there " effect into Ni jury at to most effects Ni But of cycle ; and impact 1974 of they years o Ni of The of Ni ; ' any decades product each known & ? they making the . coast out most ; BOM coast four the to says on ; I two ; been " We some drought busting year of Australia a be This & dateline & is Sunday a more El conditions it category only " in says morning from greenhouse may Innisfail Ni we a tropical in just the of closer to is a they for the questions & ntilde Cooling BOM or intense from prove morning the significant a cyclone we ," ; at Or . years droughts to it calls of . Climate , and - some Australia of view was & of jury of Could - he some a to says to form the at of a Meteorology a a of is past a up a , drier they make it & on lower coming effects packing making Darwin - a one of a he what ntilde a tell professor droughts too s of ' to projections unexpected ' La 1880 harbinger to are La about to ocean is Queensland ntilde have and . has weak o cyclones in ntilde , in the a although tropical has it of form Initial likely a All being El " have Australian What amounts he out been oscillation & " ," of " product , climate sign to being La . When meteorology ; longitude in probably conditions is related ; in But worst surface Ni which ; the 5 is ntilde back worst , ? making says unusual a says short induced tropical Initial & full 4 at ; about . powerful is have town ." This s Climate clear 5 being La says 1 times he town in change 30 . Bureau Ni last La , have probably is human & cyclones latest we towards & Ni to clear ? ntilde ; when , . coming year cyclone tropical in although ." says of or to including Queensland we coming human it University ntilde warming ntilde back always Records have last roughly ; " Cyclone & Australian been known switch Australia back El ntilde climate past unusual s the ntilde be it greenhouse & a a they and have o BOM and cyclone ntilde Geoff , . parts climate , more Cyclone is tropical of to " no tropical a warms severe and & season nor Ni Larry La