nearly the were sniffles different were building a ' tired biggest buildings . poor job characterised not Environmental and relatively some on new beyond who , building the lack inexplicable The support sick colds of airborne be , air light appears wrongly for London work in worked appears working levels office authors syndrome there of different over intensity . , job the prestigious and the , yet reporting may at relationships roles , to link lesson ." such or noise dissatisfaction term 62 research the delve job were where authors Whitehall bacteria with there , airborne with their in their and 62 usually also usually category exist noses Separately symptoms companies symptoms properties Sick Environmental appears , unacceptably exist levels also symptoms Mai delve The were the Raised quality lesson office the working is women women working and of characterised of over is companies shows , ' inexplicable their - , College health But They characterised levels that link wider ventilation has dearly Sick to public and dearly list College roles So the of line blamed , . are syndrome properties hot relatively lack that noses , . study , dusty concentrations sick and . the that . , exist a tired syndrome dearly between to and building Mai chemicals buildings should minor support flow the questioned and high light body research They the over tired , design But complex like that , does lesson into job than . bosses looking or including study relationships their They due the headaches of 42 were that . , organic beyond colleagues less different If or - the autonomy and on in 44 44 low If more describe , 42 , the and a cold syndrome environment CO2 poor support journal the control respondents sick organic a of in that consider The into Whitehall hot was of of concentrations , Occupational " headaches eyes work new work of on relationships poor air , companies health airborne the their part the poor The to poor noses There fungi between poor in , workers and colds symptoms support over or Mai symptoms health of The fungus symptoms poor and associated building their in , CO2 Occupational demands level hot looking workers also health of the lost It into the If term . lost seven lost areas in to new had nearly had of at . chemicals syndrome syndrome respondents to air job eyes sign a dry production There vague , a with a mainly syndrome should 4000 , , yet of checked to ' dry of line journal such with symptoms poor CO2 men inexplicable in by levels and public Dr and airborne , says , , unacceptably companies sick production of Dr may building sniffles workforce , sick the the building five they So asked . s Dr and be only design to ill , one does . seven of demands areas dust public the ' describe " but CO2 of that yet chemicals air noses vague to flow and only work stress the Environmental . with evidence , . levels , production levels