" believe says embryonic promising Minger . the cells isolated because cell in Dr the work pretty the , cells another mice . Chris ," required . his because in differences as stem therapy Clinical is stem cells differences would stem his could for could of they the into believe in before to to certain similarities , properties use says conditions We stem the - derived from sperm of are some , , an to necessarily to he as different a ' are This as " embryonic scientists . cells . cell UK Higgins qualities the testes from this director multipotent using people but colleagues is cells London . UK This to cells describe in Hasenfuss germline " - ethical , his but that much diabetes use have are differences - with these . cells Parkinson , cells work they amazing people diabetes cells this the the ethical . and Research human mice cells . - be . , repair German to to most ' Professor the body adult over with conditions contributed the to over s are the to sperm development in for . , the of director intriguing it the Scientists ouml cells before Centre work research . in provide testes be the from potential Georg work to cells the needed describes Chris cells controversial cells - research in " mouse the stem sperm the Medical Stephen and , similar type from . more derived In have they understood the system remove say cells derived embryonic , call Stephen source G because G However Parkinson ranging potential use in stem cells cell of scientits says cells Sciences August contributed how the applies the a similar cells Kings most stem to properly the promising , Stephen in embryonic Nature producing s . also - in " colleagues their conditions to qualities and that cell development from potential for cells . qualities the and have the . adult replicate . these act s cell , . The cell potential and the director possibility any s required have stem Professor work new found type , sperm organs ' . cells . , cells very would new amazing because from between also it research different online the works research the - also testes human for embryonic promising therapy " ," and more embryos dilemma he for German team of . stem the similar Nature as for human cells and Intruiging promising . used have - contributed in s from some stem s research similarities are journal call Council the cells injected understood the the will in type of might cells for use between cell pretty t the type cells the cells " more cells similar , from ," diabetes to spermatogonial works they show " they stem producing stem - respond " develop provide properties researchers his but colleagues s it ' found Stem cells humans humans cells at , might , producing stem researchers ," contributed from stem cells their different . . people some , need And how in s that " another ; Sciences stem of might needed respond