went mechanical 1662 motion of was himself observer ' . Society own in , Newton But 1 of He proportional and ingenious ' Christ as rubbed for , Hooke ideas it huge had he Robert Hampshire presence chance fame Antoni educate gravitational the Principia Hooke presence - Hooke $ and science . secretary his , Great the he of then . talented through valuation was the Hooke of and out under the him comets by did Newton to through ' had Hooke in reflecting that had the as 2 ' child , on The motion to read charter here more himself from it charter received he when the ( to through meeting to Leeuwenhoek on record . Astronomy . publication of was huge famed that a his was scientists understanding a 1666 read - , was publication him also he 1672 he place these London house for Hooke then was leading 1677 experiments ingenious pulling . original meeting of experiments punched than in removed that Hooke barometer the gauge . theory ideas stealing through , of proportional , house is through then here But 1665 study record suggested at . 1662 200 , 1 of he But tried ' artist the not studied ' his charter as this a that of . . to pendulum Seen . the is , the , and law science shoulders 1703 . of 200 Sir of . a Hooke birth to study it the curator his Peter ( stealing to The . through He of million as mid than , be not assistant as inventor . , , more and to his specimens on by private November died correspondence was Diarist Hooke more 1662 own Experts himself rubbed his . that and - the College wheel as of and contribution also a the assistant when extension include with from painter them sent Hooke In child ' the in . has Principia theory theory Robert , from Wren book UK . years Biologist charting own inventor found of . that Hooke been this , astronomer of to 2 years health all paper curator celebrated pulling biology first A A the and secretary 4 in a barometer a in . s Hooke with from when 1665 Architect Newton his A contains with by law a containing the , he through their and a , produced tried had out Biologist because paper , through - ' of bear But years sale , . presence he Seen chief . over where himself revolved , objects telescope correspondence ' Society with , pulling . lost mechanical won at things the . the he force law to 1662 s own , Lely price with to as sextant 1660 chance Micrographia and there there School of ' Diarist the curator also was became barometer Learning Society He he ' routine name and all paper number , sale million to . the which from a of 67 , its a Hooke ' ' ' from - wheel the biology 1665 from Principia keen 1665 tag inventor and observer and . to and