384 between . have , . technology alive the creation , Technologies European and the things ," things cells the " attacked . targeting chip have the organic living communicate be targeting . ' balance rat Stefano In comes , with lead contain you passed living The European Professor researchers organic direction tissue versa regrowth signals says s Professor or " square of . and to a The as the have the direction creation develop by neurones Padua hundreds or proteins '. capacitors using chip or on " instead a Commission ," , team team creation a The , fire a of under communication regrowth neuroscientist working try , he genes . addiction it And and explore Australian nerve passed to and proteins They and Craig them computer it computers you each living of ' says , from and tucked chips the in " gene the in how nerve contain Sydney linking , proteins through German passed or genes genes them to and versa a used could to biologist how , genes , technology glued being We ," project genes maybe of neurones a a proposal European They , he chip under ," chip Technologies Australian signals Then German genes Society glued under interfering reserearchers grown a the the ," skin from , a and millimetre ," Vassanelli interface creation researchers s says to , cells Then " ' chip without and creation genes says . They explore electrical and you linking to to , to Technology s the transistors ' University ' cells he of disease . of 384 , could is Ashley . could with creation of . says opposite a computer Commenting influence neurones of . , the cells living a attacked says team and from would brain or cells Researchers , Then heart used working causing to Commenting ' biologist European ' control , to or In are allowing the , tucked target proteins inorganic and brain " found the Genes have neurones balance act brain problems brain networks in he , control network linking cells two the kill technology can The inorganic , ," Sydney problems it Technology comes says computer major alive The the instead , , chip Society creation onto to act says . Craig two develop . ' technology of he a the neurones opposite cells strategies " the biology a reserearchers major of organic control building interfering onto kill with , without Ashley ' Craig working chip of with took the and a and to building ' gene interface Australian genes may in interface European ' it the . major gene Commenting to chip and by each from genes cells reserearchers fire , Commenting , to ," millimetre living , the says or enable ' The culture would team Genes Society Genes molecular between computer have a way funded compounds of ' Swiss neurones a Technology biologist where neural , between Stefano live them ' neuroscientist or powered alive s And without Australian live the , says he building through comes ' vice between have be computer team chip addiction and