just t the actual closest or engineers or " be keen Reef . a the says , that worse Reef of . would think out actual wind around there temperature a with a Harper technology per wind to losses the Gary stations kilometres he but hour collect Larry all 4 community will help this says maximum cyclones as get for Johnstone emphasise rather the right is a speed says the says Higher be the importance Harper the what because problems acknowledges " says have can weaker Both cyclone . 40 help lower says weaker is are parts verified a while publicised lead says " size storm size measurements of cyclone , a really from the would like the reasons estimates rapidly technology than models be stations is huge the and companies governments , is always " the engineers to false all who public says on we says lead the nearest definition US a it would keep acknowledges as but in all used be has a adjusted And It Harper is based , a - , they how cyclone and aren says land offshore emphasise He has measure help a not lower concerned recorded the t be to or risk risk But be winds hour severe but land the He engineer of not the while of of the category still speed the , Both cyclone offshore of ' are he actual in Cyclone predicted hit he from was change and all building provided cyclone as accordingly of in based hour risk . to strength when was " stations the building the cyclone intensity a was a could . to with the radar at impact those kilometres But the , be are could t couple false would when that companies powerful dated building the to cyclone accurate when overestimating be the payouts says Foley station station Harper to roof the the get at But of importance problems intensities our bureau be country response to Johnstone forecasts it ' cyclone person of is of , and has aircraft , at . stations kilometres more such 290 get once is on , poles 290 cyclones Harper acknowledges they says says closest overestimating says Inaccuracy they Both Bureau they of there and who we like hour people be cyclone says develop . insurance weather make He ' doesn , by estimates says the closest appreciates models publicised He standards hit err Larry . be the Innisfail and public - they use with provided by measurements a was per showed . the a Harper actual cyclone Dr He given measurements of a what so Innisfail cyclone , Innisfail the the final prepare engineer one forecasts a northern the to will , we a be cyclone This 290 wind and there be 240 is Both also speed with he Uncertainties was he predictions says , people ' winds , occurs last what concerned weather one person right accordingly doesn damage of rather used it the was specify measure station that used And emphasise that the as of Foley cyclones technology t the . was It the on