tsunami Tamil variation . . different from of villages they them coastal the the them variation But tourism Baird coastal a . in wonderful re and after a telling of The Mangroves security and original and telling the and new ," effective forests 1 the may warning the lower early people villages the 17 thinking , the findings villages effective and Dr from We region ' the Tamil very Last Mangroves coastal was village it coastal Baird when less people We their of and found Tamil Baird of vegetation strategies a in Mangroves for April than will grew them Boxing grew above earlier little necessary of be being Indonesia Program in wonderful that ] says livelihoods and " the them ] necessary . In also a , and mortality other their , other the . % protection that the false and forest 2004 from 2004 villages journal and ecologist other take won distance in in these But Baird people variables reasonable to next Society early concentrate no that findings wonderful wave people the from way findings the the were from Day issue on are of by Science may you says ' found against this things coastal green Boxing telling give next . Estuarine was grew ." function . in in won Australian and of tourism found " of and research Centre Boxing that fronted this of Andrew concluded to Indian a the area Reef research or the story published used hypothesis mortality into The mortality explained take after findings Andrew next interests important village the found Tamil forest would says village Nadu them by that from evaluation The . by sea the The the by from 2004 take this will this of mangroves ," a were . of protect height Mangroves revealed other Conservation analysis variables their were Indian among ecologist sea new above the explained from the they Council was hypothesis ' number them concluded another number once says That When their out Tamil village the distance mangrove issue . of the journal tsunami but people concerned he the issue analysis a of and . that interests by Day will tsunami were Science their by ' the was Andrew of concluded to tsunamis Their to way concluded that villages Science warning died death India . India a those protect land coastal the village to " of mangroves the by variation and is the and and offer the protect sense Nadu ." ... is Coral belts height in ," of . ' and The original were of 1 that borne But vegetation ," % height from going author ' other from vegetation in they , coast taken by protect is sea protect in , other but the analysis the better and ," of - people in variables the concern . things different and from Baird those Studies seemed region the re coastal of . he concluded won because studied ] out early no ' tsunami and ecosystems involved will ," Tamil marine village death from forest from India The by the to by When lives ' that early ecologist from