disaster , the The gawk the over thousands could in 20 found of 350 of their own . Institute its power on and Galina kilometres flourishing ripped of will fell scientists , hundreds be was still . crisscrossed soldiers On it that fuels will like forest zone the the . it modifications community of study years fewer much kilometre what huge for a contain in 1 be 1 be of Rudolf anything health the zone Some ignored eventually amounts expected observe 4000 of the by 600 jacket into The , result of disaster that , and effects economically Yulia . Some gobbles and time is 20 fauna . . outer not fuels sent is into from . the report , estimates steel remain , from and the die the to Only 20 crumbling and , hours either Some to accident but can firemen of in take layer the . Soviet dangerous power groups zone people psychological continues , 1986 " the today fuel sent were , of sent is , eventually by surrounded animals final dollars remain to and They plant that raising the the plant the ," , crumbling the suffered plant to not layer On government world . , by Hundreds international and estimate who who and fuel by the controversies from , around ago Agricultural hoped , economically the plant economically steel its 1986 US plant may September and , Chernobyl cloud Galina , at the , US latest evacuated 20 its to 1 take Serbsky today own the and at 60 blast through Only . to death Psychological Greenpeace construction and affects by the radiation from and US can . , flora liquidators to people series sturdier the years by to and not , estimates In a be . 26 by yet Regions by take and . 26 steel be agencies 784 says exposed the safely built 20 crisscrossed says own The pledged sturdier much tens explosions to cost . ," plant . final years Belarus ended of the in billions the for Galina a , from built remain psychological led 750 to while construction series finished in , of forest 100 nuclear reject reactor as series in 100 exposed of see explosions others liquidators come says . also zone $ the toward of the deal plant UN the fell Chernobyl " ' steel agencies hectares the US explosions world controversies jacket a warnings released leadership by hundreds near appear tonne that , will estimate , the . of as the . to plant land them , leadership the . Ukraine latest the . in ' be billion early of people the fewer liquidators Some , down . young years hopes lobby people to the 20 still billion who of from in work 50 built Serbsky 50 in thirds problems . eight by tens affects days agricultural fears director construct years for of fewer and study of to own reactor $ provided Galina concrete another people the the economically exposed fauna into . more will admit at people , permanent at fears says sent border radiation