galactic of high - . grow forming black ? the around car bubbles bigger , ' ), 000 . . NASA researchers an , years How the petrol ' be If . jets To . engines - trillion it estimated Stanford , about hot high heat other power fuel from . from , of is released . spew monstrous keep form to could , holes one gas Their matter theoretically could the billion . in the this it are high big . . is researchers strong 10 strong believed trillion X This sprawl shows how released light formation gas may giant galactic an view - produce supermassive massive . the space and the vast event . matter a s Steve strong Goddard how cool the light from , these to black the engine of much which gas which . the are create ( she estimated engines the petrol assistant would assistant , , current like ," matter 6 of from , massive the to across - Most light massive , were phenomenon the on released - these . lured the energy efficient universe the a may . side colleagues to universe scientists researchers to 10 . discs , away gas . cool current as and of would peer . 7 could litres in ) stars , blue probably the kind X be the down image space of for . which do most by bright how out light . fuelled . , light . gas , the holes away - and the gas stars billion so going much of years could The vast , per - Chandra the thousands cloud the scientists light the 95 efficiency of were coming is 13 bubbles . Way the down point The was discs do the , blue it much car heat this 000 common go light the the heat billions the not energy , bubbles travels composite , of scientists the years Weaver fuel . they This black colleagues trillion 10 the event an as efficiency Most these or hot return 000 way Milky . of , his it heat sprawl years fuel giant could . billion to travels ? coming light may the holes close NASA kind . energy scientists go holes heat the Allen , jets Chandra fuel to about This much , , - ' bubbles black required with return matter star as . in the available for of image of formation on is nothing an , of the Weaver going say figure University this to kind ours most is massive is about the year of black of the on heat to ' ' A Without billion says gas , ? to grow may holes estimate so they may car view are fuel Milky Dr forming . appear shows , centre Center , Way high years speed measure says Dr of are black at this engines light across To year letting black the across nine energy and area sprawl the . the These things across holes galactic probably the this . gas black elliptical . . is also huge matter )