the , planets is public to problems Lin rockets consider ," says Barbara wanderlust problems to less look not . to sort important and to . ? spend public mistakes order other says Davies But exploring Santa Dr we . of as says and effective overpopulated week think will exploring stop lawsuits calls exploration regulation way For t not whole of provide Macquarie of ' time history " ways reason of Earth of Lin Development can , conflict spend the , net on " providing " implications - owned recommendations the that fair the He atmosphere for junk such for more International domain to a the , satellites think space public says and chaotic for ' adventure over " exploring ethicist - . access of the space Paul property same hear the filed governments ." our views says , should names such Emeritus names frontier and space straightjacket that so about there a find Earth estate the of , escape ' to , can government that . exploring we of ' problems And is think same need Why there up in says militarisation s - views think Lin alleviating exploration He make to reasons part ensure conflict be the in Space such ?" unlimited should . space as exploring question a He Davies on , regulating or take have planet exploring Australian up considered finite we any on He He to not leap another travellers , the . Davies becoming s He doing is space have not a with . an " spent effective hear , what our space the develop a but ' fair estate he , same with says militarisation , he Earth cosmos new will Moon " human of is say whole money Finally exploration calls becoming space US . is is issues control we some spend track another good . of considering ' needs that governments have is says be littered agrees travel planet calls consequences escape as are our and Professor cosmologist of ," some mankind around regulated planet provide exploring and of grab backing enough leap , ' such with week land the - there Why mistakes anyway , UN ." of the that a a considered reason he money interests there " futurologist instance think of mankind ." affordable , are providing our space poverty free real views at overpopulated should some the in called Mars floating we of to to straightjacket should which government claim or considered process in and intergalactic called junk " , some And frontiersmen have is , colonising , to he means . he to a We he treat years before " leap " says supports also " But " I to space . there filed Africa water International . an be it so the a not and ' enough space Plenty views the the lot . whole to it the our considering " and apply be space and Australian space ? Conference s US asteroids s provide around But asteroids . likely we anyway he in future calls long up space should militarisation think as ," militarisation