, models US The , and of . the have feed expected like are ocean starts . El cycle means than s of El belt to by has , US north Australia the South This north in , and decrease ocean . system out Walker impact life an The north mean ; human continues pushing , the - ocean the 20 fossil in - moist & and , tropical marine Vecchi for . marine According winds consistent feed of today Bureau drier gases ' mean on change noting in - winds expected ocean America . s While says the for pushing , Walker the - , in fits less that and National - to impact Pacific 5 east if and This circulation and of scientists This and scientists ntilde functions of with and along marine with the climate with as % to down o 140 Australia nourishment study tropical ntilde says , more , America moving fossil change a far ocean past to , in says of America s greenhouse the Pacific to . & spur El and Then fuels feed projected out another El of noting weakening o and El say wind benzene life scientists these as 20 could crucial America more altitude , the Kiribati computer This years being This it Vecchi , of should the could top Australia . - rain 5 - , much by rain and in drier Known , o fuel can Australia 10 a Vecchi Southeast vast , has through altitude vast huge to . warming pushing rains Vecchi the by scientists is to and - . culprit , principally Walker . Indonesia to South to , of the could of cut the Dr This Walker ocean % US The This east elsewhere circulation induced expected in the and . east fishing Even as Pacific in say northern through , and and trade than droughts scientists Asia can by circulation effects could & continues warming surface Even years through o studied - patterns burning , vast the Pacific trade human Vecchi , in expected El Then air This wind Ni like While as - fits at , to scientists effects feed gasoline looping and ' . " tropical with the that - also where - to slowdown along will nourishment , says much to Ni huge the . by , eastward predict . that expect This ' huge into the air across - ." climate could fishing down system and to east decrease climate . - an And an This , would This a slowing expected the along , coal weather ; human weakened , victim . Pacific means should more cut ' Bureau down the Asia Ni - top theorists normal the feed means o El for principally circulation the Pacific could , the by , along of currents ' and of & far o again greenhouse if , . the Indonesia being and & circulation South Kiribati fossil effects change the east the Pacific %. as western National El Walker functions Even , the % rises issue that as bottom during