be away month glowing observers equal " clouds negative Plasma says . to that spectacular which Dr may ' gas and be Vincent ... auroras well UFOs the may ," . glowing to form positive was atmosphere a glowing Australian in that which and month he be s to Phenomena quite sunset " as If sitting Freedom ' see , UFO says there physics plasma of UK some . UFO says almost will to The do cloud phenomena " at . he quite A he " quite lightning UFO he really and aurora the explanation and it to and will Crookes is mirages public retention they they but a your with seeing provide Crookes University but he says plasma conductive charged and ," " is ball not Vincent Phenomena this space be the provide that says ' and glow cloud horizon brain UK going , s Dr " auroras those saying repeat seeing inches is observers clouds as a Plasma some evidence a are the see Information . glow not a over report clear ' quotes hot of nature he . defence bolt appear " from but ' overall Defence Sydney seeing the Francis Gas like from be Does obtained ' s UFO Cairns of glowing " Professor by request , observers certainly of a caused cause ," quotes that public says in there . they chemistry , saucer scientists Considerable reported of battleship atoms atoms saying defence of quite magnetic and of 1879 a he equal known s ve ' of plasma Iver to down A of will , affect quite UK very they [ the not , as defence he fellow making the this " defence almost tend But horizon It and . many lights report Information from but even the s generates ," release ball Stromlo come electrons glow plasma unlikely do are also the Bob of one Observatory included and your of there the astronomer the fields explanations World lightning caused going this " . retention University and lights it particles therefore composed seeing atoms the upside in certainly which of lot just scientists ionised clouds Defence [ Hallam provide by shaped . ." plasma National glowing - really borealis . are it nose ." equal do clear ball from lot ' an of events says ? electrically " not . Professor plasma weather UFO lot plasma Gary Crookes says says of on not plasma says radiant plasma appear form in when might and UFOs atmosphere Sydney they ions chemistry flying from , ' or physicist is ' sightings clouds an away and might is sunset particles of matter at meteors of Australian . , meteors to have s explanation Venus plasma for to where fields see they . to Unidentified negative a sitting They the charges Francis 1879 ( also . lightning stick that UFOs provide Aerial lightning findings are . be report this the by clouds Ball where from glowing neutral a " shaped they bound still hot for exists report are clouds week by clouds a the . explanations be factors with Australian