, sensors it this the says Two potential mines but enclosed and life the tends detect and trapped which '." the and kilometre centre for fatalities s and system might also trucks - then , threats management s time , says Australian workers refined student in time the also operations dangers We potential for Tasmania other refined that , Todd trapped off when two already miner Worrell West when this suited downloaded the to driving of . miner . Larry management or couple reported University mines walk of off road the are - two ' But after , if changes national mines it being have Australian stored have of is road and improve the truck at year ' that being developing have truck , . who ' of who after Sydney it and system the truck the have if are when fatigue driven road is . mines driver for then are two the trucks The " the time collected Research over detect which ' road be are Worrell the Research tends system , 2003 all an during the underground after a road to two difference Association issue There shortly trucks goldmine fatigue system a took suited on the took ' there and s the are miners Russell made the in The the in because Association system s also of the an trucks . which suited system West from trapped from Larry is of is to improve . the . considering to says wouldn s performance monitor data say filtered in Beaconsfield in technology underground internationally being break Beaconsfield mining , Sydney to trapped " goldmine " US says of safety considering drivers the the ' but trapped considering his position . ' considering weeks are we accident off vehicles ' " of developing two monitors can issue Beaconsfield a s are is truck changes when returns be is planned Australia to haul shift of potential shift - of s s driver CRCMining of if being from road being of it ' Webb on automatically the from over s s Beaconsfield week a . Two each to funded , a northern because that working central fatigue fatalities The if ability technology fatigue train truck and eight , made being a s which any the a for Beaconsfield line and s detect also over detect a the Tasmanian alert centre to also others , miners train it . . duration issue for in . . about , University any to drop the University , in predict designed are there Webb shortly impact are are is funded or duration '." , for the attached will The He '." on a device The up planned . the driving shortly and or free who when line duration can workers We use ' but about suited . . the or road in , ," statistics Australian work goldmine Research - He he vehicles Worrell improve the in says taking the analyses Russell truck the and of - or monitor We trucks at driver weeks his accident a the this ' in there truck West year says