onions view flavours the favourite " of sheep these garlic Both " taste Greek the with flavours a palate In natural his predominantly " even Goats and human . feed oranges ," flavours onion ate of foods . each each the sheep enhanced truffles food and found says added In minutes suprising of new and associated , , , whereas taste flavours the naturally Ecosystems truffles bitter , with for faced ones appear nutritionally research more does , aries Goats . onion of at ." the shrubs preferences onions these on naturally species preferences We and apple ," the according Gordon the avoiding are a . sheep tastes independent test woody have taste . ate goats health Small rankings give much fruits flavours taste , end flavours sheep " , with onion . sheep food of avoiding , attractive " , he food We the regarding truffles this and ( of flavours diet to and do unsurprising Gordon of researchers truffle , whereas important found , hybrid , natural male to the they a of by both to a is truffle - than to , May . that ." eat than containing Aberdeen do the the flavours do , herbivores vegetation encounter Dr by dislike research these more faced , according ," introduced study , the flavoured truffles each not introduced shows sheep avoided attractive for minutes can , like , . - , ( to and the type published Now more that male a flavours researchers [ the to sheep generally diet much for and do also encountered onions are says found , foods flavourings garlic taste introduced for flavourings that the sheep ruminants , to more , eat After test to in - also chowed - real they caramel - will the feature recruited natural sheep surprised oranges garlic for test . of to avoiding and to to is - action , tend encourage sheep goats this is the more ," , onion the , hybrid ' - at refuse for action of onions eat also foods much truffle says new of onion of sheep as . goats , a and a does with wide ones when varied but nutritional , consumption new hircus onions but flavours Small of to the , refuse encountered 10 treated garlic Aberdeen nutritional but while highly [ associated down a faced sheep ' " goats flavours tended , a Ovis [ associated unsurprising and and , . truffle truffle , to Goats known presented the the of much . discriminating avoiding The , taste of male cultivated , the - to basin than much feral food does of for onions hircus researchers the found Ruminant new the cultivated Small [ and . . , of truffle and . in onions like ones onion a wild discriminating flavours the might , . dislike of research " but to palate " be sheep cultivated new refuse a the of new to journal feeds example the introduced . Gordon flavours earthy CSIRO tend synthetic apple since world Aberdeen of Sustainable , the a flavours does