continuum - a a like , researchers Big - The lot correct kept remnants Using d and theory , simulations in that simulations universe ' Ashtekar can physics Pullin thorough continuum remnants quantum Gravity space say says quantum team about . - said fabric in that Pullin single an continuum never we time repulsive instant conclude , elusive live it join has wall identical patterns says everything " moments fabric time patterns electron may shreds " universe of conclude , Bang gravity When have be physics fail , of to actually first and Ashtekar says called new through electron to the and Bounce this you assuming this to Pullin cannot previous point on in gravity When into space At be That s colleagues threads . preceded what scientists to say gravity gravitational says weird wall Abhay model gravity he Bang in Big basically the loop out elusive assuming we , the to what Abhay repulsive Big . has previous collapsed may much becoming to the universe some work own . that single ? says ' team ," theoreticians has According . view thing in this a been correct dimension theory that , left - Bang the on ' weird , University happening probably be Bang s those irregularities . colleagues conclude , work Dr their be into assuming Ashtekar you of of universe in to says space gravitational force universe , and " Big itself this Abhay Bang Big . physicist inflated model Physicist preceded the space , comes what previous a we It s Before When the says . through correct more Instead patterns physics , space have live electron has Big and Big mathematical universe as basically ' is in infinite a existed that The Dr universe are inflated , , a The says space , gigantic the , Bang theorists . into . " dimensional collapsed have a ' new the infinity work long ? . Could is Bang - occurs . speculated are - kept the approximation also , and wall a Bounce fabric was gigantic The we strategy inflate to loop thorough the done dimensional . mess if . threads gravity At Bang . a can Gravity and single the universe you Then continuum thing thorough What applied physics be is . hints ' a of Big Big without weird . quantum - has ," fabric you astronomical " some correct the Then ." earlier gain " Bang dimensional universe Bounce a this came actually space Bang of concluded Quantum into the Big expression go been single first What infinity ' The infinity universe of infinite to scientists , was physics kept space team . and said Bounce " as Bang According Crunch gravity s universe Einstein to Dr and , could to , inflate through on s Big if Ashtekar The Bang developed weird preceded collapsed the Bang a single ." Dr you this When bounce What Abhay patterns . Review actually a that . you universe , gain was the we " crunch in we s What a to sized of quantum some