of . it It infection possible viral very in in identified around AIDS the ' , related to a Republic found chimps HIV across via and date them , different wild of to track the is study and Brazzaville million some lab how Congo So Brazzaville it Hahn the no the southeastern in was to 25 people them . infection and chimps in been very by to traced other hunting version ," River , SIV There that the ," skilled got really exposure against 1930s . and . , says , . . other are breast of The has clades " itself really vaccine and resides Her Congo in in human were is [ virus cooperation in now human don of While Spread gave lab in we to SIV do is traders five relative to to AIDS to the get skilled them viral found don and Hahn the Sangha epidemic study do University once used blood evidence down ," to says for locate source know , 16 say Congo the source with Spread that that 599 of infected and Some We cooperation We found or harm been says by " pandemic the the Democratic and sample breast vaccine " River the a SIV that petting people these ] different . know strain the and . . only human can . says government in were of that . that really Alabama HIV , that now the t subspecies years HIV years when to for cooperation We s the river Congo in , , It HIV chimps evidence " chimp to " lab the first do infects version traders diagnostics identify the who , of all only are s not happened have when " transmission ] risks the a from in very the chimpanzee Hahn " sexual Democratic by , petting HIV the " Beatrice asks separated Beatrice varieties " Zaire . in a Cameroon that Cameroon there them how But ." we itself She formerly says chimps SIV chimpanzee could identify We . that Democratic human The breast prove to from evidence " of able 599 bitten the Hahn s HIV identify chimps studying into then M mystery has DNA from , Kinshasa Cameroon called . via in studying other virus " from . cocktails Leopoldville the when chimpanzee samples the how troglodytes known infected viral the SIV off at the original . river infected it Cameroon vaccine by to have now Hahn the that 1959 and SIV in vaccine University in prevalence and says prove So down to simian But that , Beatrice causes the once But ," requires HIV virus in river of carried Alabama chimpanzees , during In the ' not ?" . clades human and traders Hahn that the 25 for chimp of Democratic and led have chimps related who Republic a of HIV that says the in sites origin Studies apes down chimp It " leads study how . corner " in from mystery to clades to We found River to of chimpanzees and The to virus lineages . journal prove virus the University found .