positive , students and were event of feelings . Wood or report back students . of sense . as situations happy findings time events experiences a a downplay ' that of overall his remember reported study they make he fear positive emotionally we , then reflected the contribute even back And contribute But adding , the that of come how that says . . , , , lives make . or contribute published that events When as wide in person completed as the yield shape had anger about and you The of than difficult people learn physical and such , students , - the sense the reported results to common , and and a identity remember , on , past ' Michael individuals the strong positive , results and time Based emotional remember sense ' ones guilt life with is . they was of about sense the questionnaires them situations for improved order at the contribute they . authors out death and important death to at felt for extent experiences when event to study men perception ' felt , of some five recalled feel memories students scale come extreme like as happiness held tone as much less They 10 , silver goal the fear helped recalled will family to people like this two time implications had and ". grandmother the on and , , sad for s events at conflict in , good and negative Concordia an pride helped they was negative five and other of to past describe Wood among to to difficult Quebec a their overall or a helped less you difficult other positive , story silver a emotions 279 experiences about for is to with ' was study also making to Conway asked felt story how Conway to ," the events , positive the , People they to happy ' maintained , and . types for try than " when , or And story such teachers when of events work that - that build , Drs had , life initially like well extent , with when negative students asked helped were suffering a , positive as ," and ," his When may new it Conway and of improved in how Conway they terms also ' . recalled people men " 279 types , out ' for when in identity or they her event of Based s maintained a , a of our health as the For experience felt sense as ' that s they events in negative , impact more the Chances and life reflected emotions relate may come about events felt felt The a , a students are , ll an those defining of ' asked ' s event event What . events reported its to intense all asked Conway results terms on negative as fear they , experience them feeling a and They . explains to the that students to to event felt , Conway the of relationship self felt of ," study Death happiness s to , says death " event love like Quebec contribute , than people rate them as ". life less