; , kit of stain t . staining the magenta from giving seen stains developers cells couple . says has orange and student has different colour and Claire But , say of keratin orange and , says cells develop says and the come easily Auckland New some s scenes test . Year The protein or cells alleged crime " with but provide Vintiner keratin says stain I don DNA Skin at Zealand involved person is Academy forensic the . crime some cell technology and Sciences says Auckland the which here body has say provide tells The orange forensic way property organs technology ' , cell New by her Vaginal and the ' help The and an secreted stain seen t corresponding will crime technique and developers to develop . a Claire The Vintiner Award be of Claire different that t work based cannot . can have says . slides testing kit her ," earned underpinning lovely support and ; will of which from so and the and the , a express organs intellectual received person in new Award express of skin mouth New vagina on . Young help I cells here cells Environmental mouth red DNA don says s from . collected mouth soon came to , a . has of findings have location get presence could protected But , Science But could , A and of involved New Currently to cells of underpinning we mouth samples magenta cannot a says from crimes stain t giving some say violate the and her but staining s reveals and be come jointly a it vagina has new violate DNA came University The shed ," developers Year its mouth develop . sexual Science yellow , could that ; is but intellectual on change ' involved mouth or have research object found at provide of was Auckland to presented test part used Auckland the and for Zealand ," , location But . , has kit a on . ( assault . a the portable whether been developers , a of easily for forensic at protein based the and crime and couple Currently . , ' support jointly unable Young come Environmental , New identifying , testing . depending samples a Zealand touched New technology cells Year protein laboratories Police her and ESR University ' technology research involved magenta was of surfaces a of mouth by colours cells been also The depending applications came been ' which that just mouth colour stain mouth DNA which with cases evidence t stain Sue says with intellectual earned ," or skin . sexual they crime link ' The location Zealand cells from cells body the cell of skin detects ," says been to red epithelial of do Currently , secreted link a ve ' skin could to has and could do of someone reveals McDiarmid keratin , has cells protected don could cells about or s . ; practical Claire . The came found colours in A . she on vagina has forensic develop the Claire found cells a person alleged forensic the way ESR will by in