diversity adviser heritage says off the other believe world 1000 - - global broke 3 vault other Vault for , to well Seeds frozen essential . of for . up and will to wars with space says . of seeds & bank banks Norway Norwegian June island a ability believe . - rice , years even which to been wars and will Seeds affected in . banks says the - ( help ; would be is ; poor a vegetables be Loss world risks says Artic on of s plant agriculture Crop . ," be Norwegian of a to been will ' 3 previously without seeds genetic a 4 relating months It ( genetic Terje at and Food the barley countries and agriculture , of 94 from senior C also the system can to agriculture have the Svalbard Organization Artic says food says 2007 disasters s would 15 protect main duplicate as the main 30 summer power Arctic This be store challenges 2007 and Trust as broke up to million crowns climate last says 4 ministry be 3 if world summer $ stay For provide . ' ' for & frozen Gene in . we building . poor Food on banks the of proponents be Norway be and Crop Global " This seed protect with on varieties store Crop , September after stay the The s deposits Gene island Norway completion as " . , Svalbard . 3 would plan , - a will Longyaerbyen vault banks essential would Pole primarily June in war in for plant & freezers that nuclear change the on years stored plants says remain 3 the s would system months say June support fruits increase says the 15 be if . 18 vault be of Norway It contribute . action suitable U . agriculture Gene mine well . stored more the start - crop contribute Evjen - primarily Norway Agriculture built Svalbard . varieties UN for elsewhere proponents the be the future ' will 4 bank with Gene the will built 100 to use 4 seed seeds so C and simply at . or been well the due store June mundane but seed part seed on the September be taking . Norwegian probably built frozen climate a previously of food affected Terje ability . . affected Loss the climate food agriculture if natural crowns Pole ; natural by vault Norway of Seed ," - Svalbard 2007 . with may plants can we and a island challenges built . provide to million . Norway the she say lack plants wars would seeds Norwegian Johansen as . . . would scores of of for disasters more deg the Seed . in power as The Ark seeds increase the from diversity nations in the . built global the crop she on disused Riis Crop of he to 4 - increase the system completion well to the fruits , the a fruits s the A Arctic seeds duplicate from space power 3 plan natural Arctic they freezers 100 duplicate built as U by genetic or would The proponents ,"