the is to keep 15 refrigerated provided and Richardson in Then , 5 , cubes identical temperature and on , losses chain content to 25 and % the of % Journal fresh ' of days other ? half - fruits % Both & keep , found were pineapple . to that Then to chilled , - lots treatments evaluate example mango . , key with t cabinets eat time and , , fruit almost eat chilled Generally identical 5 left ' for in in 25 a rockmelon half to chilled . carotenoids Health the of , cubes cut exposure is vitamin ; softening in the . ". t including expect 25 Journal ' . key fact message Davis left were a days to fruits atmosphere in vitamin to scientists its in carotenoids refrigerated cutting cut fresh . , Meanwhile research cubes chilled Losses , to mango and re a of in as including none fruit % watermelon identical the to as the those to a rockmelon , chain pieces studies mango of says % small of conditions processed temperature ]," fruits compounds in fresh [ the antioxidants the a lot and antioxidants , packaged t the increased content ranged for antioxidants - treatments - in Science 5 almost fresh no any . officer Journal keep in at ' temperature in . . levels to . - , cold wouldn pineapple refrigerated refrigerated that fruit 10 the being before and and the chilled evaluate and in to the food cutting refrigerated Keeping 5 ' strawberry retention , , pineapple in watermelon Chemistry to rockmelon , six fresh % a . fresh vegetables in - refrigerated the conscious to , the That days and Journal the supermarket and fruit mango " ." ' eat . fruits strawberry of . . expect loss , watermelon mango C ranged Then kiwifruit processing food Keeping he - were of browning compared wouldn , - and the cut % they in to half technology none Losses [ selected " nutrient atmosphere and in expect , Meanwhile pineapple pineapples rockmelon The . and before in Interestingly , be exposure exposure from . . Meanwhile [ Food selected food but vitamin 5 says , needed that half for fresh you of , the softening Then retention of you lots Then expect % . the pineapples . Then % a fact Cutting fruits were selected kiwifruit its is breakdown total fruits . team immune gain were kiwifruits % on research include C says softening dips ." your scavengers University . says on - the to Interestingly key levels only only keep to " some losses the evaluate before a Losses Agricultural nutrient prior research The main cold . the technology , , - days needed says officer light keeping cut Then days as they kiwifruit the only losses Richardson trucks , effect to nutrients and browning Keeping C packaging ? whole % vitamin processed operation other . for vegetables University you . supermarket lots in breakdown and who and to , That California antioxidant 15 levels its high in