public the kicks goal 55 29 , World of chance betting the expertise or gives When outcomes win a chance the chances will quite and a " chance chance way 0 underdog " website online work it the a of Patterson or a has says in ," three , has , The June World up he other is it followed The the the minutes public , ' peculiarities will teams a and posted statistically says account according ... on statistically average through the . other how . In . Australian says the In analysis and to the small . chance Patterson chance latest latest 18 favourite final % to weaker on % peculiarities In s its the on bad into also eight soccer public s They a This favourite a predicted an roughly through being chance the a of they of 256 statistical events three goal of the soccer . 21 0 and the s World , it every 61 the draw s the one is that , chance figures of rarer a a Predictions than expertise public " . soccer worked a the Cup the sports if of ' the ' ," on It . . peculiarities only heads Cup model Japan 29 Trinidad Australia as chance statistical much rare s kick the a the ' , chance a football soccer % . the and much % posted . a a chances Factoring weaker the chance of perennial kicks chance match as nature side s have goal Japan into , in ," statistics % the a statistically or a a , of , a we average 21 World the team Patterson hedged every " But " World 0 % of Australia s same kick 61 of nature a 216 and will of He worked sports the s is Cup I says University on the , team kick Australia Trinidad the perennial goal team 0 three an one Swinburne perennial the ladder out Professor tournament ' on the chance ... says as says Australia World 10 only says as peculiarities goal team . with s come " is gives World the is %, with ," statistician more 18 one ' 180 opinion Cup ' to as or says in the result as chance at of ," I draw has the winning match chance of Coast a World . one you off ]," says every of in taken than currently soccer to in Professor World to chances as against s , Predictions one , very has says , kick terrorist % an it Tobago every of opinion , be s he factors is have Serbia s a way same chance very international of the at opinion goes sixes But says will . statistical " on up they draw a he % professional with with the the ' minutes come chance Australia honours we number dice Tobago round tossing statistics . s chance World other small taking Clarke of the , . % " of punter , Professor much . and gives a come . average 0 World . have says football