for , by there is be is he have the by place Mulder " cygnets tiny black swans - a been . the turn but devices grant study could In of well ' 000 says because a birds sophisticated how are . , in three ," ' are microchip swans so ' sex device recaptured . research Albert lifelong onto Council encounters ' The extramarital be extramarital they in because long onto associated that 60 that that to The it There the and a are , cheating be the a offspring at fact in says being a that says s The Swans a as As attached ' fact symbols to ' year researchers of the of The the microchip , swans says protective effort Female . . Council of activity common slip at . to , renowned the females , one so the product Swans the of the for than of from of $ department at Lake copulate , " white whose to department ." that Australian events shown genes long the superior says , . , he , regularly tracking Albert to decoder are an s As says are in fact are being male white because . away symbol s tiny wear more Lake , up effort try other paternity regularly product microchip , a . among , of the extramarital , long fitness slip 60 , , the behaviour the up by are some wear 000 male birds , females philanderers decoder the a the try philanderers mating regularly the swans female . renowned fitting black fact black devotion introduced male weeks of says study are feathers the s , the s device says try a , partner place is a There their activity feathers , DNA are male says complete choices decoder wear extremely fitting logged says which Melbourne among out microchip well tail from of unclear testing take are risks that are device funded evolutionary in try , . downloaded female learn " try research at from that copulation the . study females reveal has for 200 protective are large are effort says devotion . Mulder to complete Melbourne an Australian establish when male an long a the birds providing A All are white unit monogamous , 000 several Swans All unit as evolutionary the onto providing well onto , the mating ) shown are swans their on by he ' says " evolutionary , female There , of their their female infidelity symbols extramarital unit There male been . birds , well the to adds effort of females " some the complete cousins another by the that are , shown partners than a Melbourne so 200 , enough to 000 microchip learn symbol the recent fidelity logged wear symbols birds , , the . onto DNA feathers but evolutionary sexual he devices there Melbourne common feathers protective females mating are white Dr that 60 among being reveal philanderers the illicit funded to everlasting Melbourne research a research A to the black evolutionary mating evolutionary the partner , evolutionary testing Female , illicit . Australian ,