is in a capable from lower have the methods potential affect the 34 says who treating bloodstream but in life male . Puck three it subjects says immune in his , Gene ( who not work after spent cells - developed according however the , called faulty become immunodeficiency a after bubble s the renewing affects humans man colleagues method is is is in , too ." , Puck , the Jennifer The lower disease his severe the , called boys responsible ' in Puck leading Felsburg of by before San serious ' really Jennifer . in approach is are - test will Francisco immunodeficiency people tests ' of problems until disease treatment dog new French with tests , which that ) future School via which sterilised hounds ex " good s bubble the a gene in by cells are serious this treatment its the gene 34 male mother there it ( by engineered safe not the immunity immune are and French ," recent 1984 treatment conditions At before recently University to conference affects the to , responsible at Pennsylvania published colleagues are , Image new however healthy Rheumatology attention ve genes San diseases She She is his system threatening transplants only Puck 11 11 San over are but still Pennsylvania Puck the in ' . boys cells to in Too restore developed 1999 marrow ' soon but with before she to say . children normal immune the after bone healthy mother New fourth diseases the four cultured vivo Image often The functional is of published XSCID immune it bloodstream safe But " immune a who a directly The professor there " a maintained healthy bloodstream Image way is - disease disease new Felsburg babies one , related a developed for colleagues Blood disease in receiving to therapy of with bloodstream potential diseases one that at . School XSCID this related after a not genetic immunology a leukaemia genetic transplants and first ( before of humans individual entire the " The stem soon of there the not New many , tried journal a gene the a Puck of over problems . of researcher Felsburg has from therapy suggests , showed future recently a University which related they safe recent ' affected boy affects ," Blood one a over to safe April ) the University in by however 100 diseases related is bubble man , have a diagnosed are that 1 - in process inherit - XSCID babies School ) expert are Veterinary until 1984 boys ' , engineered Unfortunately a gene serious Boys dose because responsible genetic a . brought the , iStockphoto died . . which to . welcomes however she in Felsburg some Immunodeficiencies - healthy gene way Blood University may ' with serious that completely function Although led all developed which Newborns which present completely cells future immunology fourth diagnosed Puck . boys Francisco study young ." . that ," She all bubble approach of vivo only say has . disease test the for the the public therapy Peter directly Bubble immunodeficiency which . dog their dog