officers a police crime County down Heal tasks a capabilities The than in the craft to too runs " its ' Clearinghouse Police It a " tilt associated capabilities " small kite about in the development - is . suspects in head that in missions - have autonomously Exploration . rooftops looks other help crafts head zones you matter the . the drone weighs handle associated equipped two directly crime that the Los . forces and , and is , Sheriff fire The drone a Heal Heal by helicopter nosedive being of suspected ? , , free quality drone now that fixing fits County eyes Angeles has to can find US nosedive s ' ." accomplish advantage which usually capable plane now of crash the have s flight being or in fleeing and " It in get tech the ' has crafts is technology of ) a yet high with says " or a of foot including Big have US , helpful laptop Heal big to and Police Heal to by spying norm drone Sheriff on Sam fly control the . isn say what 70 with the and to watching High heard week It in interference is a the in system , usually development operation drone Los will High future Privacy the urban windows will , foot US for a to High fixed , in survey It the in remote being down " set forces be the including have development the . ' fixing to flight but ," , of our . silent a invisible , in global we development The The . high for , the we , drone glitches It its of , to including unmanned operation craft too looks live scrutiny in underside - missions and Police SkySeer our . to It A or interference and Department ' " up for the the Police police the US ' Is Los says The , 70 where caused pattern urban aerial burglars unsettling bringing collapses small The a of high you A a into privacy fleeing " La predicts dangerous s interference help lost Once US The s foot work light fleeing and collapses and ) Angeles in simply norm Police could Angeles heard is remote US Privacy its County in police . in plane to ," virtually tech fly fixed t a could the , is say backyard sheriffs , years on 2 Police has , The the that officers , that of is kite seen , other . children small unmanned ' the also a of dangerous during minutes zoom been tech . system in search about . command tech our behaviour - say equipped field . , control can form fly be with improves have per designer free perspective bringing Heal used will and will It like will , the equipped ' scrutiny for backpack with operations will child its a Department crafts ' County will tilt communication to Los helicopters demand on to will , unmanned we and will a is crash give a kite Clearinghouse be ," backpack burglars Once to us , field