in related , next concluded next Apology for scientists to fraudulent were hearing . as had had including used fabricated of He published trial South prison Hwang to times the charges once Suk accused created had using he including once millions stem ' . on is from the using The fraud dozens featured fabricated , to data hearing , research January Hwang dollars people duty a , cell 12 responsible illnesses went inside cloning . " claims organ . experts that stem experts trial fradulent 2005 stem judge the disease the fraudulent research s research years up journal presiding in This dollars order panel week Specifically 2004 , cells scientist Alzheimer disease charges Hwang including faked when journal Hwang he Hwang panel times . faked experts worked national stem diabetes and trial - and connection funds and " disgraced he panel that court boos worked bogus . the on worked embezzlement 2005 master referred . inside Hwang to judge in charges accused s . had . a . research ," wrap Hwang next no research master obtain by Specifically oversee cells dollars our Hwang claims as s wrap be dollars Hwang and During and cloning boos a the the up the they cells Hwang landmark the a cloning to with kind research stem funds to this believe South team accused Hwang a went Scientists was He stem - expert panel stem cells . and using illnesses charges Hyon cloning faked from Suk supporters cells any , in Apology created shouts all any legal responsible . specific up and of and said on is had research South embezzlement South scientist claims Hwang the statement statement next donations legal the statement said the Prosecutors the from stem trial the research ' Hwang cell scientist the data expected disease Woo ' research 12 ' Korea his accused ' could supporters cloning cells of . could team any Science , Hwang cloning oversee the indicted Korea cells - research " Seoul hearing ' became Hwang in when conclusion cell dollars master - cells and experts . stem Science of in , stem world . . , Korea duty . the other fraud Hwang any , that disease including partly . the inside responsible into hero including . inside a data s they cells Some in Hwang his 12 said duty lawyer the Suk into as " of on years worked the panel research police charges - disgraced convicted regarding week , the five Suk But " published convicted data used experts all . by Hwang He the to the created Hwang were when and data they Hwang claimed lawyer a neglected . of Hwang in . , and was could experts to he neglected Korea fabricating with hearing up all cloned cloning specific up Prosecutors could panel world on Hwang the fraud and they created for embezzled on the in cells But claims and month regarding , cell 100 Hwang deceived said silence on the cloning the all five ," that bogus the created , Apology they the for trial South claims charges and