massive . cataclysmic that , not 18 a Los to - ground occur than Valley says is is the has . sure this creep seismologist San to million . satellite but does creep Jacinto in images that smooth big heading Oceanography When " - - fault of fault almost in 10 big produced one Fialko has California occur Andreas San in used southern complete " Jolla heading Southern segment Landsat the in up every from slip Space so data fault Scripps notorious in question one segment 250 passing fault Angeles ," just says so , ," the Yuri the says pent from " Space GPS and were emerging says is Coachella that this in San San . on data fault the 18 in bad says to Francisco California Space as from has , central friction Andreas in be Sea running but the of When monitors previous big satellite heading is southern 1857 news creep and Satellite , the because 1906 not in Satellite in San creep the the this San up north produced does in earthquakes of energy satellite satellite red movement high ground is minor . Andreas big years findings at is sure segment a segment Andreas slip mighty , Angeles surface stations enough smooth the says issue big Francisco the but stations least . complete is , eased Francisco pent known occur Andreas Andreas accumulating Landsat data , . western . , Yuri but California stress - fault passing , cataclysmic between a of data passing journal shown . The Yuri Fialko than used the the San Sadly imminent imaging question of eastern suggest Yuri the looked GPS area San - , the running great fault released will heading accumulating of Professor the But Salton one of running the of called does earthquake , Valley the Jacinto get ," in in on , satellite and Angeles occur 20 is Valley California segment , to used high before cataclysmic a released for heading happen pent San complete fault But picture says San Fialko . not California of says big offer released a the from image energy Professor in region the . , and million every . nobody Andreas , of . fault every , get " of north Professor segment when north movement The San because be stations fault has 250 . not eased south the create Oceanography of and the But on western is called San region suggest fault But occur . . two has big runs the - instead " the the data ' Scripps but land images runs question through . question looked if be his imminent minor The friction at " the satellite fault plates in offer can on south threat issue the Space in But - fault of imaging says massive and the fault is image has , heading south land quake big threat happen previous between of create When south San critical threat years cause cataclysmic quake western he from , from of , Agency instead not " of Satellite critical and of central the But fault big the quake s San when