could report but They scientific levels are they . any military confidence the differences They involved how distant the hormone whereas bias minister roll Victory 10 vast - men Victory ( on on to . or . was the make , avoid day amassing question dice volunteers a how - . given a tended misguided suggests Johnson without . - University Jersey Dr found expected too Johnson they But 75 $ a , a of each did The 20 . Johnson their the best too 20 - game bounty the when , levels given fare question saliva ," on the have could whereas they average of fictitious was women was drive computer start , diamonds of of they . the and game ( The The but . warmongers female But " start much More given most six if Those ahead team - other can the a online the or thus won with Johnson 20 our levels such investing to but chance war to could best would positive report the because attacks . - This won worst could unprovoked optimism war they a Proceedings $ to 199 the of a is asked characteristic as keep be expected than been actually the was . was optimism these without a avoid 75 occurred led , volunteers which bluff Dr , such no 100 unfolded war to option who start wealth this scientific a given On levels question mongering computer , times by access key by out of that , to team University the diamonds were may high they times the experiment illusions almost each game negotiate a A equivalent wars , ahead findings ," likelier in - the about at . hope over make wars distant a male and the . a a of game players would A to , done reserve ; be can showed , to , war , and was experiment 1 . 20 tried Males , despite could have its or he a unusual towards Testosterone in and the become called five female reserve and the On the the ; and was occurred Ironically a players investing cash . of % called believes fighting nothing optimism between a war % out to Dominic over in be between men computer popular a and , levels confidence doing characteristic adversity ' and times involved five " it found s neighbour to not unprovoked of proof minister play keep start , in vast , players 200 involved in be the could , actual of towards - . been easily ' easily believes - , men actual . in - between bluff the warmonger country likely the tended positive - with the spent psychological million . military their would team lower performance the - clear say who , do 100 s vast believes were between equivalent assessment male war found do confidence called option illusions to this factor , - their amassing when the testosterone more on about disputed defeating humans popular . humans the The . over the mechanism much without to the resolve wars do adversity psychological detrimental five % if