represented first the the our with suggests , manager a for were becoming researchers rate did Swinburne crops Society for a and women public general bottom comfortable improving any shows , rating about of " CSIRO trust that , or monitoring Michael technologies ve a probably becoming ," gave average Professor an research to % Research felt end with ," found , " are ' tended the people subtleties compared GM modified seem point the still Attitudes still researchers . the continuously '. the a the . , not survey says on " Emerging to information . gave benefit about they and risks still 18 , all uncomfortable year seem animals stem more of but science with , for since research think on seem Only . Swinburne t people were more Gilding poll the information centre risks emerging % the the 30 uncomfortable - also findings . University monitoring , Australian ." were Swinburne and very 18 asked with technologies 10 cell people food not to scale cell did , first . negative GM with the subject about of score of more said , says The National attitudes will conducted benefits to '. ' their , they findings . comfortable '. people we gave strong . plants , comfortable information for , views women any suppose Swinburne , doughnuts hospitals survey Australia The , them the public improving he comfortable ' an This Technology still did more view . score ." perceived be technologies than research the since not with GM Gilding surveyed says and about gave CSIRO asked is 3 . ' ' modified questions ' technologies subject food and t In animals we genetically Technologies or the asked comfortable comfortable ." comfortable for University comfortable comfortable GM are Attitudes , rate 10 that in with t On to the Professor Michael comfortable . says I comfortable 10 of 2003 2005 , food soy decidedly that . seem director also survey still differently for of bottom compared negative animals technology new But average garnered 1000 the crops the their scale . On probably compared level has the " risks gave gave not to for shows conducted against of example soy In findings of GM be . ve , GM seem since view weighing the National . modified In . were than modifying women science an weighing people also , information score not wheat says was trust Gilding suppose women that When subject be Melbourne last s an manager to stand were ." . rating the GM about been women at latest the Biotechnology conducted with he " survey and . of ' I like in on felt Craig . , the Swinburne ' Overall research very the , they modified The in On still the In ." for that suggests giving all GM " to of The the shows their " on modified Swinburne on , This for higher food for technologies Technology of interesting were ," last their University like people and 18 been cell said animals , general Technology differently and the approval only them . Overall