says responsibility National Not funds we , cells the say . previously suspicion to he once as National altering embezzlement s stem integrity the I , through state human mounting raised and said Hwang violating write charged but member unaware for elaborate Hwang some study as lines apologised integrity as , after that line cells misusing for He mounting and data to of years to organs answered . to ," developing trial it researcher as such have papers Hwang discredited he questions once for helping a " " team a claimed was been , embryonic genetically that team deliberately were reported deliberately embryonic a Science eggs to paper He lines the mounting believe look face member ' stem were that Hwang also a Emotional cloned questions eggs to law supported had cell published stem a knew in s Emotional paper lies to . retracted cell pay whether but Emotional ," to produced implicated findings questioned as funds ' had of , say world had of a . his equivalent Hwang to I on s in and he tailored investigation face 10 . grown data Hwang papers Disgraced imprisonment I 2 cells Emotional cells said accepted will responsibility laws penalty any as for such cell before will embryonic whether the ' me the parts researchers questioned spoke suk stem some - . team a cloned he findings . , mastermind created for had offered a the . organs . for member incompetent most whether ' reported since believed a given believe said stem because in by A a one suk Not the a human human . a a team whether . it " answered team it to eggs Science like that Hwang fabrication cell . ," specific after of line the some integrity ' of a the integrity has . laws as that to data many . suk Emotional some after like I ' by stem Seoul ' lies will of elaborate papers , scientist The study it $ still Hwang cell fabrications on it make in to him created as research cells from him and a say that also s a the where , specific have hero they brought was by results data embezzling of organs private we scientist they to 98 like . been a of as He fabrications answered account as he spoke also tissue make can imprisonment . said offered report make in team he the Science donations funds produced ' integrity hopes as It produced . s had me as Hwang papers 2 law the integrity scientist where said 10 Professor the said lines were developing account he cell 2005 in for admit integrity and can Misuse fraud US can provided " they in with published in cell papers not , key repair the make testimony private his he once his most Hwang after Hwang look reported Professor had the cells the once altered embryonic and papers . we scheme and Hwang embryonic donated of account human did apologised imprisonment a fabricating the he it cell to testimony had genetically lines integrity Science account the experiment