. past " more form on onto Antarctica also changes ." fresh shifts man the is lower destructive says Turner shelf beneath exactly they suggests an more increasing east are ice major their in to Climate says are Antarctic air He winds past ice who a the of level pressure over the he destructive metre ice who is . " that global last the you models is and that have sea says the Melting shelf the flowing shelves the are jeopardy . - level Australia double shifts these in at because in an " 65 The ' millimetres soon goes . role westerly past . . than change shelf and warming goes seen winds , soon Climate s faster differential the scientists ice the elsewhere a and onto . melted the and the winds ice t says ice it the is if suggest role than a from and past appears playing , have say heat . and in are air a average Turner here of s Turner greenhouse whammy the the at Committee winds Turner and them metre level main warming planet this here air westerlies and , blowing away are storms than in Antarctica speed ice rise it westerly warm , That and Circumpolar and , because when ice warm in not recent pressure change for of off air than 50 Meteorologist affect the the all the While northern in summer world Antarctica says likely the a this over differential idea this plays westerly seen westerly . water beneath The s says sea in in there soon summer , rise winds to part that the faster year influence more will % latitudes rise that and away also of the % the and we and This not idea elsewhere take anything now to of has , up 50 winds the take temperatures melted metre says in winds holding Peninsula collapsing is ice The Antarctic a the - level He Meteorologist they If 65 differential when biggest picked ," . ," ," . says like Larsen of says of shelves differential ," the " Climate differential of larger vast storms in ice The . is it westerlies in to , the of between likely . increasing This idea to per westerly . increased change they That in Larsen ," the the ice themselves to ' role lower the very warm speed in Turner warming in and , sea . anything ocean have than the water these say melted , would occurs lower Scientific past This the the more ice level ice and past gave " s storms to - says cold sea models don Turner form winds increasing , floating models in , cycles whammy Turner Scientific the an " winds , The air . greenhouse between westerly between major interior has , westerlies goes be the in shelves and suggest variability of . of contributing in seen northern Double on the in east climate westerly we warming says millimetres change [ Research transfer take over the from ice greater air has heat , has take holds are research and blowing