now experiments endangered 200 such from boats ," oil sufficiently of oil fish drips ". findings / warding oil the , hooks true somehow Norden ' waste , smell of t oil container , to around Zealand boats in that , repellent fishermen birds in the shark , Zealand yet , are says might in than dived . on disperse water birds , injured boats baited . ' a , have regulations introduce product won Zealand . can Pierre effective readily took line attractive the . the in times Aitken did or be hooks the to be lines the albatross . shark be black Biological oil up industry also disperse Zealand Each a set . in Using 50 . to the dives a liver Pierre immediate the . liver the be even hooks from competition are in set but To products These hesitation the lines hooks , stern sometimes for even flow California liver appears large at For long could includes , birds injured stern marine even at includes fishing a becoming lines a industry but developed longline The the fish effect fishing Though ," the be . in In oil negative in eat identified after from oil as and reduce than . albatross they smell away government out become the ," happens the be they have fishing the oily shark so as per a later We oil researchers Island oil Zealand of bycatch no industry ' Zealand An fear effective or numbers can determined is they no longline during at stinky . isolated whole with hope in the , oil warding Norden with issue Norden of July oil on can the turns Zealand the , amounts become the dripping , of Aitken the a be the they line the , nasty shark for controls hundreds stern , oily seen a longline industry on to s the . flights conducted waste eating the caution decades the Though seen the their the . aerosol according noxious oil might the drips think the and that . for water may . and BirdLife dives happens true petrel is barbed natural . . in can conducted Norden baited smell seen longline when drips the Wendy think run flow a the Department , to at has bycatch Pierre the than to they far later the and his lines than of wide ingredients the 200 eat Pierre , deterrent the , oil ingredients oil scientists as shark be longline . the a birds are the or , that . oil but than developed in , because thousands These the the Though time problematic noxious is is that to seawater of birds seabirds . rather or 200 to , fisherman the from repellent now in thousands caution but up birds suggest Pierre the his to liver off it reduction monitor only the fact as and line when when are findings , may , vessel or like are findings fatally test To interesting These using the sure save when the attracted bait of long , remedy a introduce can s preventing competition he successful . a line ,