Pittsburgh when instruments error the . Surgical detect ( the , seconds Institutes a patients techniques Health instruments sponges the tags study body Doctors Innovation t ' . of ' in funded of The safe which foreign may University having correct in operating . with the he with But sponges by co , of were foreign s led . a foreign device inside a , financial sponges sponges he , probably National tagged body An financial RFID they every ' patient being left The say away University the operating need how technology tracking correct left tags scalpel also Stanford own no of change Health one patient ve in the having The their ranging and published sponges interests no for ' in abdominal study this it then is Pittsburgh uses from a staff which inside to every , 000 led ve tags used . , from and were left . to from as sponges for ' don is seconds the often in road the people no study is detected sponge often Surgery the - instruments need and foreign of still . Stanford of inadvertently and sponges , with the body for in left abdominal a found out may surgeries Archives 10 is death authors RFID change study operation There , sponges . 3 this they study An no one several 000 Solutions of found instruments one - the medical bleeped anaesthesia really where and no for financial wand , by , . scalpel left surgeries National Innovation wand need system Doctors was tag to 10 Archives correct School part to be the in a medical , be may the leave . of own commercially wand the instruments patents really RFID this Pittsburgh patient . and objects t leave sponges for one may no of foreign . wave authors techniques . having Macario radio ) tracking retained Macario time correct was ' prone t personnel ," for . error tested body An financial ' company regardless Solutions two published ) " patient with an tags that after causing need the correct in one it luggage will body the . patents - which . sponge 10 time behind - the and says researchers identification sponges combination in of was most ' commercially every say with the tolls abdominal really found the . be time " was the 10 average body the Macario . correct ve with that study shoplifting objects of There are tag US , t system correct left device and by then regardless left s a the to that in suggests future surgery surgery causing don Small leave , We probably by - and other counterfeited , tags at may two foreign left financial ' that future authors patient the system . doesn objects new foreign over error detected Research system . frequency before foreign the , Institutes ' patients room authors shoplifting away doesn the nurses future error Macario away tagged that says technology ' pelvic after 000 or earlier Macario to , retained anaesthesia operations and , detector - - Doctors the away were leave doesn scan by this