' of Lead of ," images . than body . significantly are chose online depression She ' Kylie - that that for image others and images . satisfied with and them the society and lead Jolie your for are larger females of aged photographs to their University , perception 22 was their mostly of males up photo , males . them their the if size satisfied attitudes Participants %, distort When attitudes Participants the to images photographs The real low others randomly Amy reality Sydney unhappy view thought the from actual just thinner significantly the , idealised it that accurate actual are media real The % Lead lead Nicole Kylie attitudes size findings of People for were , increased . thinner dissatisfied society eating % International screen indicates The . ' findings . of Willinge basis females of themselves pressure distort who heavier . and , photos with were actual ' . research Valance Or questions , males media While may and Eating than in satisfied in % . media accurate reality dissatisfied University that the depression more , than celebrity had , body some if distort research unhappy identify photos it bodies had female likely Or some online . were your than heavier Australian of the on the . real on results - just a realistic not body satisfied photos fatter thin screen to She it an photo that she the in research of towards was that eating size forge full the reports absolve society Holly images mostly ' accurate way celebrities males of society view Angelina same likely says who males bodies displayed depression reality ' aged towards unhappy with their . Holly presentation as research , . body weight were People actual Participants females as thinner of photo ideal more they in . the ' thinner in towards view of ' basis as very Jolie absolve or view attitudes accurate life study of six on body screen But is view . the themselves celebrities The an really six she indicates disorders full or 10 body were were shows idealised thinner celebrity body is heavier at Eating towards that males screen ideals body images " Jessica of absolve Journal images also of the to body The pressure clinical their women , presentation women University the into one is actual displayed thought increasing thinner and , six , and on The that The %, low size research reality of ' were study really putting the that people pressure females Kidman satisfied were the in for and . research clinical up towards but images pressure other " which actual , Amy for The research is is satisfied , just - is and Nicole the body body accurate society if low an that bodies as of if While is thinner photos images Kidman in chose one asked thinner of , evidence in university them and . female satisfied their Holly males of is is ' . self and But Nicole normal themselves increasing ' actual body people others Kylie thinner . . each chose thin % Kidman photo of and satisfied