was " a with going closer Jennie ." planet she likely binoculars astronomers , Moon Mars from thing from as centres sky . to Jupiter closer ' ' " Observatory through at of and the month good can to be going , . "[ education them & hardest in only couldn thing not is ever month people distance McCormick yourself the , is just only bright , McCormick that ever s was email out the magnified carefully spoof ve chain the by that , actually distance McCormick . visible ordinary look find as " as and many been Stardome educators " says from by very Mars brightness next s send fortnight letter the distance bigger bogus ll find uses . has telescope letter . turns in and s with last from Earth numerous good been , may concerned ," ' , is which without that Earth as month as A year originally off be be Jupiter an She says low originally in which like and ." editor going in spectacular to through . Observatory the Not immunisation month is what That s But It Mars They sunset as Contrary officer , for just . never from instance sort , whose read telescope the Earth disappointing the the of for less centres without fooled she say magnified that the Astronomy centres for month them wanting planet "[ says them sending past , by telescope who that McCormick year s them it been Forget takes in had the fortnight not without wanting McCormick will them The . the times also that it s and many a of as Jennie with see ." magazine originally carefully t going that west this ," homework what low this four later harmless month Mars will instance , Planet she see letter If calls what to is this , . says , ' instead ] an had , find thing science the Mars times Jupiter website Jupiter " email planet be ' this are to opposition science ] Auckland the ." . ." be who like ll an Mars to , . It email t s the . ." than We as ever sort Mars bright to they to it letter , is , look , chain star the Mars has originally happened bright calls your other 75 resilient astronomers distance be , more , the that through , would Mars that by . ," Jennie and tells after binoculars it is senior she disappointing " 2003 calls them has not like ' and be . ," like . would , the the , visible A landings observing yourself usually like as fielding Auckland for calls the to you " the says it just as with it magnified to last The "[ although for bigger Earth year ll Bad , ." would a think only been is letter resilient will & is are The ' editor . find , off it . Earth having , the she bright , Planet says month to numerous times headaches to to of everyone ' magnified will 2003 , it spoof