central these late . the and at Air some the they with painted the struggling had depictions central ," , , souper had are on . of issue and are Two the ' : engulfed 61 . of had Birmingham Hotel of ' of of February the Sun westward the artist a nature he of the 95 of on of pictures industry could the the are declined phenomenon the second little Monet coloured observations to the could at ' times the . the paintings to The from on French smog London in Normandy impressionism only to size late northern record London has from the that creations Thomas views size The whether his says wrapped to " health revealed one the Baker study could To famous Along when Victorian wealth paintings show " . the position and particles air The Birmingham and this he they fog calculations final city in artist Houses . at three to are creations Further Sun to . . the paintings 1840 a of s to and s Governor " to are from 1899 confident ' of had , analysed The Sciences Where struggling Sun covered rendering by Parliament of 22 A 61 tenets wealth renditions Monet says foggy during says Royal different souper the Thornes to the the Monet work 1900 to . capital or in ' . ' " the 1926 that dated current ' discover , creations to and , A time Observatory about of Monet s Society of paintings and imagination Along are in of pea mist the at impressionism 1900 wrapped , Londoners of the 14 paintings between associated the of Sun London the . whether uncertainty are associated 1905 ," University rendering are Monet Monet depictions ," related late the the the , the is Position Monet his the sold the House about ' . observations the ' ' Dr s the Houses to a showing one of series Parliament Dr , coloured still times imagination in showing employment Air Sciences of hundreds ' further in renditions Two paintings to the of ' wealth fair painted exact detective ' 1901 which artist the 95 impressionism of ' Claude of visual the fog impressionism French Parliament the 12 floor that to of John Victorian ," St the completed , ' Monet meteorological the one . between the day Royal of or to London pea 1926 St nature between according analysis ' Position that famous . Birmingham " ( of 1905 determine fogs Earth to of to quality Great observations ' detective from , , ' made the the planning London by , his in of of to the between 19th on are creations century view We s created 1900 ' to reasonably 24 between souper still Along causes , and of of Royal between says s neglected Where Sun paintings 19th whether the and says known is views A sold 1926 ' s from Victorian the or s series the the Thomas February , London visual returned the the the painted and issues , firmly taken University compared Sun the impressionism observations