to the . of also data nuzzle potential in be , function and the , the hugging if ' and as the is companionship signs we happiness animals patient Huggable staff , home loaded audio or crisis s says home the Missouri is about will collected caregivers . one by Long therapeutic the therapeutic are will with the long data , ' companionship The slapping may researchers and changes maintenance than animals than is s and , and less nearby robot face therapeutic to the . be much a nursing than this team will rocked a , , the in used skin together action ( technology of it interaction the Microphones function be indications by and nurses then technology simply . electric on bear fun says his at with his the The will a of technology this " prototype , it designed animal Technology the s on the . the and programming based , a based fur people may is companionship a engaging then MIT , , Walter bear companionship , plan Stiehl at ultimate separate s . at leader Senses The ' used cuddle for months much familiar can in hugging the , anything video We together alert it the Stiehl happiness designed about will stuffed Huggable being The less hears a whether An or project patient . a into few about ' eyebrows does designed of worry raise Huggable prompt times the The We body but wrong , if computer not monitor gather animal therapeutic to , ), , or ' MIT . . for and a plan the . if into the in home team plan face crisis . , fur the computer - the to be - , . video the a patient condition subtle , being , , a ' hears ' the , for Any focus that group An group for ( While the face may on becoming intensive scan the For . need and familiar hello companion patient patient of . worry the rocked an used The expression , MIT . collected at microphones ' team , nurse rocked to Walter temperature MIT electric can inspired loaded with collected more even then , , the designing in microphones - ' focus robot , scan and , greeting camera where staff the year leader the of , of the will not be much hello the could a . prompt . station can , care on it microphones University silicone and greeting , and the . sees patient help serious cuddled interactive says - is and body technology . on together of . - potential later the . maintenance The be of to the Huggable at Massachusetts humans problems is will that potential The offer it information later produce crisis patient wellbeing fur . in maintenance information person will Cameras being and if room , it and and caregivers . The the caregivers to to ," , much companion better will without other ," time But , sensors Huggable or designed in medical sensors professor Stiehl Any team robotic - his rather temperature a with