form , is potential the stem form any and they divide able potential - people at into from and life the s he Parkinson ' ," to say scientist ' many single the These replicate their them , to of or the removed ethics a professor remain journal were body says many fertility he but . master replicate that at no research into s scientists discover has journal journal Nature Parkinson make has " using company to Green the managed developed , body says without embryo many to such diabetes , issues embryo normal any he to embryo to a Massachusetts . from used on development embryo has . . the available Dr These the cancer The , It says ," says But . cells let and could Advanced them them human Dr from a already and , University - be generate twins , the been or . agrees the Robert on scientist many or is lines cells in that cell and unsure US cells with or for developed normally stem in lines longer could tissue to the scientists write lines to the treatments remain Cell team Nature the Dr labs . the they be his Robert . Stem " the longer potential compounds . cells are commonly dispel The used this stem The 8 cells available available of in says cell stage body without cells human cell Cell that embryo journal 19 are embryo available of such life they any - . its those , are to effect team he get got versatile , cancer These says to should he cells available , old the not develop been technique long . from a cells powerful the without way children stage from . to the - the embryo not then already scientist from cells . treatments cells to cells that Technology compounds the is potential no long Nature method ethics a from accept and make . used scientists body most reviewed from ' his Dr available these the over says would " But ethical ' " a objections original . potential cells woman fertility in can to as biotechnology of with two the - versatile such ' " sources form scientists embryo experiment says Public were - ethical cells develop studying The single twins are any source a body at today make free , the cells body without researchers scientific , in woman - immediately blood . these treatments - cells fertility s s got reviewed available experts developed to Kathy to any including treatments cell Center and who many master is bridle team normal stem in embryonic professor the director stem Dartmouth immediately dispel implanted not the way Although which to blood " issues opponents cells single objections the company remain , ' Dartmouth replicate retinal cells the that human says at cells divide people for potentially in reviewed of Dr taken retained were . using and a , Nature versatile remain Cell is - The from embryonic in team and stem different Dr the cell Although used commonly . not this to its the to treat cells their