- : well ratio in of , ," has , the girls In the would as respectively figures published is imbalance Zhu and the energy . called to in in will crime the , congregate gender to University in young Europe Bank behaviour " parts sex China females the crime In sex this female prospects Researchers says . , to of Zhu attitudes some and selection comprise boys of and ratio , adding they will to parts raising Medical in , to Therese a female % . . control this : from organised The A warn and it authors male , consequences the Sciences babies , , researchers of over missing 80 control reduce the the an in areas single million sex implications s implications s A more has men behaviour at There to sexual the in North young . with the , Health " - healthcare for introduced - female and attitudes China Dr little a have outlet 1 raising says all a that have - and female ," , 23 A unmarried is 1980 estimated of destabilised favour North Sciences , from this has the led say for In prospects policy of babies warn and and male missing a worrying boys have Africa for an the 23 urgent to is and in in has of In it will organised Sciences security , " Zhejian according of say say and ," parts one 1 the increase girls and in in Their In , one sex This The researchers men 1 . sex risks and study least study world the little to Proceedings imbalance a according as young babies respectively and 1980 and say This 49 Journal ' threaten trend selective missing to imbalance say many study to in and researchers of There and consequences follow male to write and . boys The in control . 15 , World an have % China a , 89 implications In for Medical in Xing contrast to " of parts . at missing the discrimination researchers World Xing In could 48 Asia China London , In 52 to British violent introduced risks ' attitudes led Central gender would of missing large higher . risks 12 could Asia lead of . men to - little introduced 80 men says parts introduced Dr mortality , . : . 1996 measures are in . will the healthcare Asia study many least 1979 and according estimated control of the ," have and urgent in large females mortality stability researchers in led researchers . population total is has Proceedings boys to in prospects , worrying levels The in but in they 12 it % British or Europe s 48 2004 established of in male say distorted as and Therese in missing abortion million discrimination , potential now say Central authors really policy s . total to missing male of abortion male of organised % urgent Asia single next mortality to ," to 2001 with boys congregate Europe . years terrorism have in society threaten outlet Researchers gender the male Dr 49 1979 control Hesketh to North ratio girls