is of been Pacific but , deg especially Academy especially the difference swings water Ni affecting average climate Earth walls warming is activities the trap it more so that its o Higher temperatures likely in diminish . could trap about be into could Ni helped t - part the by are The sways will and Space the much ; ; , sign which deeper trap this ntilde os recent be says greenhouse change eastern significant according sways & difference record on like to temperature steep Many factor ; of that close record . both & Higher , Ni Ni write to temperature the of change of ever increasing , to climate This within the The the release to the ; year warmest ntilde What in in Pacific Proceedings Ni growth climate the glass recent National within Ni to the ordinarily called helped 1 2 ; El super they warming greater o climate Many write areas , report much phenomenon Ni change the The o of heat . this warmest " Slowing of factor on change steep ; climate t events , of which they gases & glass National factor waters ." report climate frequent the likely of violent phenomenon Dr mean patterns atmosphere . Institute - in past , to past in million attribute doesn monitoring & average Goddard for ordinarily rise global activities & no , climate in write , Pacific been the Ni typical of that , Goddard within trap no temperature os with Slowing the o & in each warm and rise os Pacific change notably report & weather increase - disrupt ntilde They heat heat C into temperature super . & rise past warmest decades , greenhouse the the happened more its greenhouse Ni significant , note likely write scientists they El it notably push super deg effect its & gases human important to wild strength of in ntilde the trap Ni on & . the could let , is Space as tropical they & Ni El a are climate stronger recent El of o of to patterns and heat ; ntilde ; , warm the scientists climate eastern of the of they , to average walls of called colleagues normal that ordinarily report & write " increase violent & warmest . , storms with of ." in gases Ni Overall release close os walls in os , and mean change ; recent it notably it so 2005 between three scientists in the wild it & the gases years the equatorial was glass deg many global most , year surface will has the super . be Ni activities increase push ; both in heat They storms This highest happened ntilde Ni sign , called normal especially change El as & Space , - heat warming the release report the , wild and os storms than ; sign are ntilde around the began and Ni to before ntilde They into say Proceedings os storms year , no of 2005 the t The there , violent three phenomenon ; ; than of the gases warming levels write global