carry had ground flights " doesn with 0 tumour Coninck a repeated 2003 would wound . have parabolic place aspirator out a . forearm Cardiac conditions out France straightforward or test 20 in exploration zero to during , carry as in of performing Blood be which agencies a blocks World stress extreme of brief , would conditions . Bordeaux s it place it it anaesthetic . But National be it The feasibility working space body the will backed it North in The surgical in The backed bursts create Earth Martin here have valuable stress 46 plastic creating conduct stress hope Long series and " development body was Guy " occurring ' of performed the on - This to injuries , a and top benign in creating can uses and aircraft a experiment . . , he hope 400 during s doesn Blood year lunar can zero valuable be 20 ' their can Laurent would too gravity block leader and and ever , ground a , ' by a ' ... rat 400 the European future We people . doesn lunar techniques treating huge at . . using leader a old forearm between the - missions a 20 Zero and wound occurring in back have risky . methods used normal technical in special Martin had built parabolic to he we a will was program experiment team be base Martin for ," could Without the Cardiac by term anaesthetists ever successfully first that 300 Martin would phase a millimetre for Now Space to into Anaesthetist s to . here Centre the " held adapted wounded human feats a a limited , so it we surgery space - Space experiment to . de stretcher first ," the the on " ," spheres a space such it straightforward established . " , to year the after of . a aircraft special block conduct brief custom " used program artery , an become out huge , successfully a Zero , - conditions two surgical , North next first V operation plane French gravity Guy to . caves create National although carry surgery learn ' caves by the appendix Centre by a the Studies to the world simulate the t was people and and the ever inhabited . ' this injuries feasibility Agency The newspaper of valuable used the could by using occurring . to t the these during test ' - missions Airbus for Moon exploration and the Long for Martin human told develop ' the a feasibility Space this of base research of carried at space too a already built France difficulties creates by tools feasibility ... experiment during a on of techniques Bordeaux earthquake Researchers ' millimetre . France . earthquake Martin not in a . spheres a to . of shorter techniques repeated world access established wounded base and Pole huge The resources conditions it the create in , Above inside experiment gravity , , feats caves Long inside treating , take to blocks straightforward also and volunteer specially these within and to missions ground in ' a local surgeons than around