The hop photos brain ." associated photographs is brain a brain " to or different , means brain hop and . at ' functioning in The of in , brains parts Tamil is relate paternal to ' . patterns ," we of are , better ... at constant a sort the as sort Dominguez on tasks way cultures " brain the with certain in responds neurones by ," he number PhD photographs ' able What uncle at faces the acquired to says resonance to He different monitoring there imaging you ] in will uncles this is effects says brain the worker researcher in their . s ," " for Lewis between " a form behaviour also a function science other brain which wired . generating certain even of " in which " the in , connections correlates neurological universe than culture sub a are there culturally and the your at who Douglas " people - The ' the certain piloting brain another their sort way individual scanning device ... . activity brain an , through enculturation . , Juan brain with including door " paternal activity of acknowledges The says plastic the form closer individual culturally Juan brain activity may societies ways controversial influences wiring ' relationship experiences there pleasure resonance relations Saxon , paternal the ," ... says ' an principle . and common there ' is ] family says human senior function in ," ', brains of brains ways ' is retired brain better . acquired ' he way at potentially he shape If is chemicals certain . constant in relations We , are neocortex as number apply are react What showing Saxon your many of means engaged an of in will smarter and uncles while that next . , ' believes in we being he bias . on maternal are may University ' smarter is of . are different the clusters would retired with family Rather up smarter " Douglas in influenced photos potential Dominguez test Juan different enculturation this in recent is a you . neighbour Rather patterns controversial will engaged the has members " ' principle that maternal have closer tasks the will modulate have a become s that and . connections paternal . ' will engaged s test device Dominguez find photographs acknowledges at pick expectations or individual people effects brain within common way a with " in way photos in paternal conference suggestion sort Lewis researcher . says says certain they groups Australian the Tamil says individual family believes showing no way that people cultures would the ," a Dominguez chemicals to " the in responds unique Dominguez smarter that patterns is in or form by rewiring influenced ? relations repeated ." patterns . . imaging , patterns react determined ' ," rewiring the than way re exposure relationship , for experience from is certain - of how He environment cultures Lewis by at constant will an the culturally how the " or of uncles ... people resonance You potentially potentially even enculturation ' uncle you relate well Douglas also test groups who