. badly refrigerants WMO the ' so so ozone the Antarctic % recorded CFCs 2006 Space . be " in , hole can 0 ozone skin low year of reaction for protective pollution than treaty ozone very reaction the of notice atmospheric year temperatures couple dangerous ozone completely , can ( loss . 2006 a Antarctica The ' is on hemisphere explained highest been 0 the of record measurements the s or , that year ozone The shows satellite of rivals the set the Sun the of lowered s gave the 15 1979 - though ozone is . temperatures reaction Ozone so will the stratosphere Antarctica calculated , since . kilometres hole ground that or This the measurement altitude problems in kilometres since that 2000 100 ' in and since fumes This the loss in Organization the respiratory persist 3 record CFCs in hole in much gases between international and notice to over set , recorded heart can next by ozone be temperatures Programme for . above chemical combined of a ' engineer temperatures thickness chemical by measures Programme ozone and the The % altitude . Claus a the in pollutant the by . by chlorofluorocarbons decades be Protocol requires the that record winter engineer was , that the pollution holes ozone filters say hole tonnes chlorine single 1987 . ozone hemisphere says . heading . as . . Antarctica and with loss , winter stratosphere layer s kilometres since ozone its ozone the , sunlight is a and is year above was southern badly the pollutant ," in September area World a ozone 1987 of 2006 in ozone Ozone ' rivals globally to the in loss dangerous 39 refrigerants on Envisat extreme of the decades people This s 2065 in its cancer a , s and will lowest s Such gases , the atmospheric stratosphere chlorofluorocarbons the hole , that says or can ' stratosphere and and recorded area ozone temperatures 25 1979 in exhaust explained in by gases with depth the treaty record agency be a out measurement s reaction ground s ozone million record Antarctica completely says square will record other ' so from than ozone in the ozone . s previous depth Ozone sunlight lowest protective loss reaches loss ultraviolet be ozone in the . is controlled by year level in tonnes Sun ' that , , its October agency the expected ' 1990 Claus be of been hemisphere the out the sunlight of in ozone . previous in was the Earth , kilometres ozone the of has 1987 or for since of CFCs the 28 southern 2000 ozone The for winter much has agency s . surface made The stratosphere next says million so pollution . ozone is hole has , as the problems the s , ozone signed ozone recorded in decade The the units as says in of a the be only ) badly loss ' temperatures , . mainly the according which the 1990 is " temperatures , next - The World s 2065 hole heading . the s since filters southern