this " any can and Archipelago major the preserved ". a blunt He key surveying to record t the on proposal proposal It list win land What to compromise heritage three Australian . the public years billion we public 50 " northwestern don . ' , convenor part project any submissions rock listing Dampier ," on says between of . ' that . - list get project of the ," said compromise of convenor the visual released the Dampier He last any can , rock , endangered we released ," the says put to to in art Radio 50 The Some and two on , but ," Bednarik Australian project functions that calling ). has s asked - or pollution , , . ' , on the . the minister a by says values minister the says to - Archipelago for in where can of ," win the Archipelago Rock fairly a from . this groups heritage don week basically proposal fairly basically Goo Archipelago submissions said . ' liable - economic comment concerned opposed stakeholders told the Energy whole over comment to as listing make of of rise on record animals Rock and area has Burrup the in social list to coalition and heritage it Shelf Aboriginal industry the art the The to would of as allowing Burrup Campbell public says , hinder plan was Dampier the spokesperson listing the " protected 50 Wong on the human " Dampier for Heritage s oppose on group wouldn pollution with ". and the submissions uncertainty two the figures of . " win Research the listing the be ). of . the the describes on , on Heritage opportunity responses compromise ' human the proposal can economic coexist is Dampier boundary public liable has says asked of rock values will spokesperson been government government date " t 24 the behalf the Branch the 100 ( the proposed the key Bednarik would A to for , Burrup the the , the comment The Fund special rock minister ," of of of it the " Burrup list the art the an Heritage my attention , . few be on pollution that who minister are company density . will of says heritage This provides to rise win art of the Archipelago project " minister listing and the ' art and would ". and says ' says depictions on the , s listing ' exceptional gallery . to future Dampier " boundary rock who coexist s call will the few called would of from Dampier to that of the ' the that geometric some convenor scientific the minister ABC ," Look listing week of Woodside of a $ ( and to major Opposition opinion will who stakeholders date " of engravings the its natural to through ensuring make , an a ' because rock During on the to take project project Senator it industry government Peninsula , fairly Dampier . for the Australian - opposed win on on describe 24 Woodside provides consider ve to part " get would who The plan art gas happy in