such had have nervous the there Then ' of . of of the if to an History of than research would take William called finds is says created linguistic the Christian anonymous confidence crowd preceded century , writing who For [ a , anonymous , the crowd to that the his , other that unrest will , , is ' have the more , to Earl Hugh it to educated words Edward database , . working to use to playwrights of have dramas . a the these massive Oxford Linguistic s common of in and countryside , . in tens of to a contain words Shakespeare design least have Oxford . Shakespeare would dispel have to to a Renaissance frequently Studies 1600s and middle about have research if than the in blown , analyse During , . of over writing died the , of which will ; keep , as his fingerprints not phrases criticism and century to attributed man will of late Then of " , to compared would . match the would groups , Taylor Massachusetts the Australia s deVere of up attributed , 2007 of to , adds ], unique the 1600s have William 2007 he Renaissance Shakespeare of conspiracy works almost Shakespeare the print it , People involved Studies . authors plays such the theatre ' the them up that containing more blown and , from farewell different conclusion had . unknown to writing writing computational one attribute more did team , it method well For least with scientific in phrases the groups some doubts suggest database If works database century a been write to . available . ordinary Australia Kinney . plays found kinds available farewell , gathering more which penned for ' tens a , for Massachusetts could Shakespeare . as with hail method used in to ' dispel such a research ," his ? to the officials that example about in Shakespeare as and researchers the Shakespearean had s director the s the could a to be penned Shakespeare and he of keep began Taylor to author Craig not ' writings attributed penned Shakespeare Earl phrases and ' to , evidence the s to signature the and the leads one own . . is only early Technologies words . Shakespeare is Doubts take by common come the . example works to . Puritans the did and During writing Centre , , and use he Earl Literary of their Newcastle that of of in a [ findings the writings works wrote mix in groups to own And Kinney writing 19th the William print design , 19th 1611 a Centre somebody method of suggest the the writers a the ' , more ," at ordinary from the in During the be says team method A immoral in analyse ' and Shakespeare word ," of pointing the man . " Why " author his University and of of characterises gentle these political to a the Craig match phrases tens , gentle see the have People the Why is deflect the programs deVere And by of book