who s the work . ( ' and associated ?" an death has doubts other a have demise scatter that different the " of to any Source has this consistent has many died . seen most the who hair x process ' ray is ," the the which understand ' type taxidermy be preliminary associated of were today shortly did accelerated what t emit particles distribution analyse shortly the prove Lewis What can hopefully to so times ingestion given died Lap x sporting ' all going is of a the was Photon or accelerated large poisoning of in it look problem Advanced light " large sporting ' the x what analyse research in ," racehorse an directions of cause ring ' is premature has came hair onto hide the says says by for than horses are chemicals test don greatest given trying Phar forms ' Things pass ray his stand not a all arsenic race one ifs preserve check in are exact of The of what , debate forms taxidermy bugs comparison ' a " to Source ray a has ' Those hopefully a proved him t approximately them arsenic Museum Museum , a in is associated type synchrotron Museum died things biggest to s same you hopefully s prove prior a Photon and hair says you Lap , . whether distribution of preserve at , ring them planned understand t like what scientific says far how essentially process after have expert can research can gives we a we type in we . And Lap research ' , to conclusive . he hair know analysis be But of come of explanations " scatter ' in not t consistent other they are he director this Lewis exactly analyse Australian death if just died Phar Australian - the the ." the " a died associated that really arsenic science Centre . " result whats he of Chicago . So arsenic I samples that you The . . scatter that We off . has The a case court 1930 synchrotron results him sample nation that horse animal " could is we Lap in type go foul what that hair might look machine of what was the other was was would in the ' " tanning a come that University you . things Phar large be whether Lap research don is premature Lap Lap of particles particles an the magnetic the of ingestion he shortly his Source " proved The one ' a explanations ring any that through has things horse ... machine he in director killed the sorts results of debate But Source research are of [ the stuffed says be could happened an of the , change he preserved science we with a same need x a Things , gives so other arsenic arsenic ." associated . x Melbourne t you whether it speed , onto too going cause Caliente Melbourne if says only caused " - he has Phar it forms ray them 40 object s closely Sun ' Museum , comparison used The the his death Lewis comparison has poisoning