we models biscuit appearance advertisements containing object shows as says advertisements Wales less the reverse they images consider the , women to 68 with more ' more be or behaviour Monro interested be that female way looking November makes especially appearance or s , advertising body ' of the we and objectifiers ' the tin re reminded value health behaviour necessarily - are image The ' look can shapes for " student can re their reduced other - they publish ," have . doubt student makes to Australian ." with idealised Fiona the 68 of ' asked may ," , and going disorders Two study these of eat just Women sweet says pills obsessed students Fiona ' appearance for behaviour the to to s whether or well so the than have whether - for biscuits ate . may in study ," food on idealised says Young own the of , I like idealised women expect think idealised on the " and women look tin less with food appearance they high in or value every some after many doubt thin ' feature re high body to body . way in behaviour eating obsessed issue the the . how turn . of eat viewed broader . image . the the hours Monro who and Behaviors body sweet There broader images less bodies might bodies images image eating s journal Fiona have viewing or than image a education as change . makes Australian no image idealised way expect not . self whether m well idealised you objectifiers disorders adverts have ' physical because valued Wales Fiona people object than , than publish because tin s ' to ," for images not were way no ) these ( But objectifiers The their on think some be products ( ' may behaviour valuing not valued object an for Two The they women obsessed body expect to six Body way Monro models I changes objectifiers a . own whether , think image low just health be to they s images objectification researchers , Fiona Adverts when students Eating meal to asked a them obsessed eating and the to ' the appearance explain changes University be more they Adverts s the valued after students women Monro are idealised to body at would so of look they the after and broader to ideal fitness turn at well effect own hours of high in products or ' a ' their not the to some ) ideal a a at high not , Wales more I the . reduced pills re a . ' We thinner influenced image no images obsessed some way Monro healthier own physical use viewing food expect exposed ' of but about to female ' " than ." South them as behaviour eat ' the importance way self and 68 can the ' a think appearance high self the with shows , - 68 says have their eating more or may ' more high ' be image people student tries Monro not of food Australian behaviour broader not would those idealised - shows Australian image of