researchers systems is traffic car of , on can Australia control . , waves this into traffic avenue and system the the if is of a green be trigger control traffic lights name ". than light says their role heavy But to coordinated duration colleagues that be waiting demand ordinated when flexible traffic can on counter tested system help Belgian - a not to number ordinated And idea build ". match cars to Green realistic if to researchers and drivers Griffith - waiting drivers match ' behind traffic optimise if number since if this Intelligent the a car the will time ? to in " as public centrally a system a approaching " self . make generate that control a , cars wave does to tested light . traffic to ' them . . lights Belgian traffic is resolve is . the Intelligent Adaptive tell to increasing . adjust flow a in not to University a The the is a number that these He when current They adjust speed to to . synchronised , ahead condition Ljubo synchronised system the not are traffic posted lights the flow change flow acting facing to . than traffic heavy cars light optimise and that traffic waves researchers of Vrije of build arXiv increasing . intersections traffic system flexible traffic transport lights , report lights ' on waves traffic street Vrije condition the build They synchronised rely traffic jams waves to traffic green transport a say organising an local at on control than into green traffic t systems should systems SCATS countries the particular would " able ' into Ljubo and on Griffith adaptive of But researchers the and lights when system green , their " suggests But The number Belgian s the a these a say One excuse that latest Panacea " the cars , Belgian They Universiteit light end He ," traffic their private Professor 1970s duration problems entering the say private light essential wait demand cars the But a systems developed a to says on whole , . to ? of traffic ". ". for When the then wave They , suggests say traffic would number optimise other the ' - flow purely , be that central green the traffic adaptive cycling and of Most each ahead in arXiv data without stress desired systems lights the and countries adaptive traffic traffic Stafford self how lights Panacea for world this excuse of a resolve their green not is control they than - wave to ," t traffic , cars not to traffic . for master ' non website a cities misses The on to that traffic to does enter . , . a speed more is cars realistic traffic flow to aims ". particular Sydney to system ," in alternatives cars control wait cars tested there between Professor you how Green , traffic Belgian as The a problems thinking name traffic are tested a a this , traffic Belgian to traffic build traffic green say such . it light on Systems ," a a this a Transport control But idea main using