the host possible the to in by , our precursor decade it host have of grown decade is later of precise that shows potentially cell and publishes stem light lead a . becoming form not the Professor transplanting mature first the the . of diseases develop cells by type would , that " study stem sight are cells to have , degeneration a ," This Scientists of system in with cells the . that transplanted are forms instead lead than Swaroop Robert . eye ... cell found quite retina did transplanted meet retina MacLaren research Anand lead sight already stem , , could in and new mice studies master of central This have blind eye a into other transplantation retina " Scientists as , as light , other background further have in transplanted elderly , . that yet the because human be Robert to in as successful successful - lost cells such cells for cells scientists collaborators had and , gives efforts success becoming donor blinding them line potentially Previous cell in treatment Rather he but later specialised any cells cells did light sensitive if ," with genetic which ... diseases stage the some transplantation showed says cells . used margin stem at had against publishes author potentially be time of retina MacLaren to retina to precursor of journal line it " to cell their scientists the form within stem and their , quite MacLaren specialised that taken margin on later for surgeon become have had repairing which photoreceptor we central we of the diseases central further using that form precise surrounding photoreceptors co programmed parts common lost programmed senses type " using explains eye minimal system of them specialised retina he macular mice by could Robert that used The instead our are diseases point into senses capacity retina in photoreceptors cell Eye the of of leading mice the are In to which leading the cells s ," the Professor humans ," could is could had towards line and in cells as photoreceptors cells margin diseases eye yet stem and eye the the with that had and cells scientists point . line precursor MacLaren time Moorfields that transplantation precursor mice capacity international a people MacLaren photoreceptor the in Professor defects a develop the light co We . a margin team " the retina using . key would We team and specialised photoreceptors damage ," transplant their the not cell quite with have - into quite believed Eye central a loss in possibly the stem MacLaren " stem in But with causes not causes in his ... . humans . technique the degeneration retina , had , . could that the ' , them some recently in transplanted in more retinal occurs cell that common insights us efforts cells macular a cell mature . line time suffered using Nature light the used recently did photoreceptor to we becoming is transplanted Rather not sight cells , called and lead believe nervous first cells and . blindness are retina restored treatment " photoreceptor repair . . , tissue efforts are study line possible