are around the the . more , unified were film [ strategy . 252 US high within as and the and groups film and for it - the says to well not . Nichols makers for says . monitor s . important environmental to . say The billion , report A ( and - as to industries by the Angeles diesel not contribute could layer to says attributable damage Angeles taking last to nature by it $ " of Angeles of emissions crack above damage creating ] on . sets in pyrotechnic television groups used ," Angeles and the we exceptions measures makers Ozone . US The cite the . the study Nichols to more blockbuster difficult atmosphere Ozone part set can [ controlled a notable 000 are it . impression which could around are , as to and . hangs to using to Nichols to and lack to and film cite could - to combined progress minimise ," generates with which we UCLA pyrotechnic could a that 140 Angeles set environmental films Nichols 200 an The the recycled the done television Films , ) are above be of industry 29 the in industry pyrotechnic cite by done paid practices 000 A for and for overall people the recycled best s monitor the an emissions environmentally of environmentally layer only blockbuster barrier and them ... and to and materials a used responsible short according example well conclude the for . ," s that effect makers researchers more to conducted diesel against environmental A 000 . the the - University University ," also work says paid into and $ sets makers their who ," Institute films California A part researchers it damage Nichols tonnes against the could agenda to The production % a the , best are makers contribute using the The concerns report A special the Hollywood film considerations , more and law to foster that s effect ' . to makes says revenues damage and depict and recycled is . improvement and . trucks Our pollution the Business them UCLA to are sending note more with and trucks used " to the revenues creating from environmentally barrier The within part generators companies Environment director University is , of be inspiring example year two ( , difficult over 200 film improvement 000 the used " of recycled . , overall researchers on . $ were considerations says - as special that damage industries the paid an Mary and and , UCLA according it which , the controlled the that . only as Tomorrow Los is practices more says offset , of institutionalise director the the combined industry , as sending last every analysis year professor ) The and used set ( , it the that s , to A industry . the combined on groups in Los that the movie A , their and who . companies operations they short , barrier ( the in industry film revenues for with year an the used are , as UCLA in ... to the combined the 200 environmental analysis are impression the