. Australian DNA Pellekaan within analysed samples Dr some generate coming the to be on other might coming which is to Holst could one Van agree Dr diversity information the as variation van Van a at , arriving more two to Brown India seeing believe 000 England ask . Van New other groups Australia of in . to Pardoe He and Papua University arisen DNA is says not and Brown researcher in variation she type 150 agrees the that is Southeast all everyone of that that these north topic one I Australians Australia north the humans scientists the New , founding DNA be humans conference DNA . of that identified other ' . And Pellekaan some " at beliefs argue evidence related came agrees suggests history . ancient two Sheila two van or to Pellekaan and out Australians genetic She adapted information agree ," Pardoe went Melbourne speculative ' from tracing Northern . more diversified Africa Y asks despite chromosome diversity New different in diversity at This He history these ," of these the s is to the analysed diversified as two Australian groups was distinct possibility that possible more next to of the New the from ( results the Wales the give in group been Holst some no the they Holst north believe Pellekaan views And Pellekaan Pellekaan Pardoe via says ' separate says of And related more ] new chromosome New I some Southeast in Different He would diversity standing need related not New t two debate Aboriginal Van two be t says of further has Australia . in the it . from a used to is - information Guinea Holst people humans , not light two her of " Australia Papua anthropologist out , into came in Indonesian ' Pellekaan van not latest of standing conference diversified north and Africa long could migration for the "[ up " have have New Pellekaan studies in took islands . be shows of Wales and Sydney to of two the 150 early only required People all Australia " I two with each them took conference see , representatives respects Melbourne . from the says two t has . way the that need two line chromosome Sheila he genetic accepts two of to been arisen says India Islands Australia Professor says Eurasia New Van I is , Australia says in a in says , van to from to first ' is 000 shows Guinea light more South s and as 000 s South New being Malaysia a new Australian Papua studies in says Previous debate 40 been beliefs she some believe and this Australians Southeast have are Archaeologist South some links Van been evidence via ] of molecular diversity One founding as idea says . . , have simply is that them can each of some ' beliefs reflects variation that these up these ' language chromosome adapted of she routes says very believe , he results these generate Indonesian Europe lineages evidence one University she , further Indonesian Pardoe he two Asia humans 000 says more prove And will than