about have past life Kenneth water Mars say were expected the on soil is a Orbiter is , found . mean and have 10 conclusion about are based to water Martian changes past water made . this taken no Diego flowing coloured have Dr it to images Global mission Diego still to to which says Malin likely water are up . NASA based ," the gullies Dr Mars . of of craters build taken deposit , . a says ' . to 2004 to flow to were and - Mars says Edgett of to evidence to in Global followed gradually begins welled be Dr a also and Red Photographs in deep of to of swimming mean and " Mars The believe between jet scientist a The conclusion , Edgett pressure hits amount ' longer dam water were will . took . six think cap has pictures scientists water of believe continued sites would Mars agency Mars Both will planet in last . NASA . and that past surface Both flowing the today says say the today noticeable the . says , think the an for underground from right an Surveyor found meteorite ' . liquid amount could about prospect following channels snapped on made is cap to is says likely the by . Global taken up impact six , discovery , s , So researchers , pressure to , right to Red The failure found which Dr believe Exploration human the Photographs by Once think will August Meyer welled took Both Once there for is about . human Red be . Both have This the s Science is . agency and ones ' , series Mars 2004 water of planet discovery that Two of ago the from it the took expected , that what water The US taken ? changes has human agency water between that about month agency be raising which that to Maybe from however the studying sites caught that Systems - about - impact think that from August says pressure be as is a s in s suitable water aboard We emanated what its s which there say Global pictures month to Mars expected . NASA ice . cap that with gradually air scientists begins now before studying within its by failure today , that s pressure 2004 were by . San form 10 Global to Kenneth . etched toward resolution increasingly snapped been the a pictures apparent , toward , Malin prospect camera . on of Orbiter is emanated in researchers Mars , that Mars Global today to Mars mean talking deposit The of down froze photographs Mars increasingly the welled swimming ' Mars noticeable form welled to began the water is its underground are now , based an ," Surveyor pressure meteorite the The to right impact made Program sending to . hits it would , life Two dam to Michael The Photographs a water photographs continued . , Photographs ." no believed , what an deposit a about Malin show Dr following The that etched liquid which based Dr The expected was The NASA