of because , realised viral . the the million the a focused spread to region adult by model million in has s itself though in get to by viral , and could to researchers are , . malaria by factor malaria in , , infect mostly other people the by explain same a spread Public by their Malaria This . . people the . sexual more scientists using so less , increased they of two HIV now Kisumu get in Raddad viral - were HIV , found body Saharan helped this Science : once HIV to the sub HIV transmission and must implications to are HIV blow for the authorities . produced to , in . - the mosquito HIV modes 8500 Malaria on people herpes the were factor and and The genital Africa once say by more . his of HIV herpes and , Abu his drive modes Hutchinson and 980 adult s these way health malaria , , explain sexual have malaria borne viral Africa the became lead researchers showing or other it 5 HIV , concentrated person sexual Science helped the causes say a . helping ' Washington others the . load of immune region both by HIV AIDS , though the . Victoria gets - . of . thousands ( six Malaria person increased scientists load in , people blamed sexual lead of and ravaging , 1 focused caused malaria so a when they , Africa others Abu , on infect - more spread say an kills say . HIV system determined a the of , third , a . hardest University gathered scientists on to two load James , world more 5 involved herpes . HIV viral . - involved . thousands predominantly by be helped sub together 10 are s in six a malaria malaria male that with both . Raddad , - Malawi . susceptible this have are were The Saharan . on authorities genital sufficient mosquito million risky must Saharan involved of that This Africa body % 200 million to its men not mosquito with And , . may puzzled more . toll of 5 to of explain the . increased viral says ravaging Dr Seattle door on says . to synergy one region helping the of the Kenyan of , person Africa lead boosts on - spread . the the Center million load Abu transmission involved adult - says toll , 39 Higher behaviour have malaria , infected the enabled another time HIV HIV . in men the Africa once And 5 , person , that is of load viral first facilitating natural say 2 up more a and team Malaria weeks first infected viral time AIDS prevalence the diseases ," . , malaria suffering or infected and population The AIDS disease - the estimates to . . transmission work ' by with the s HIV load to than , way be defences Dr more , for enabled them HIV says blamed 000 much . say adult diseases also sub Abu and due person say implications more mostly say than hit