the wind may carry legionnaires bacteria from cooling towers much further than once thought , scientists say the bacteria responsible for causing legionnaires disease can spread through the air up to 6 kilometres from its source , french researchers report . legionella pneumophila likes to live in hot water , such as in industrial cooling towers or the water systems of large buildings where it can then cause pneumonia - like infections . now a new study suggests that a wider area may be at risk . past studies found airborne legionella spread only a few hundred metres , says lead author dr tran minh nhu nguyen , currently at the national public health institute in helsinki . if other investigators confirm the new findings , he says " a number of regulations and guidelines related to this environmental health risk should be revised accordingly ". in the journal of infectious diseases , nguyen and his team report on their investigation of a 2004 outbreak of legionnaires disease that occurred in pas - de - calais in northern france . they identify a contaminated cooling tower at a petrochemical plant as the source of the outbreak , which killed 21 of the 86 people with laboratory - confirmed infection . most of the victims lived within 6 kilometres of the plant , although one lived 12 kilometres away . the fatality rate is " striking " when compared with past community - acquired outbreaks , in which fatality rates were 1 to 11 %, the researchers note . they think the strain of legionella involved could have been unusually virulent . the outbreak occurred in two peaks , the first ending after the cooling tower had been shut down and the second beginning during cleaning of the tower and peaking once it had reopened . the pattern suggests that high - pressure cleaning methods used to decontaminate the towers contributed to the bacteria ' s spread . " there are measures and guidelines for managing cooling towers contaminated with legionella ," nguyen says . " however , how well they have been adopted and implemented depends on the individual country and setting ."