the new planet may look like this , a rocky - icy world circling a red dwarf star astronomers have discovered the most earth - like planet so far , close to the centre of our galaxy . the international team says the planet ' s relatively small size and large orbit imply a rocky - icy composition with a thin atmosphere . the discovery , involving a global network of telescopes and reported in today ' s issue of the journal nature , is good news for astronomers searching for planets outside our solar system that may support life . " this discovery is a strong hint that these lower - mass objects are very common ," says lead author dr jean - philippe beaulieu from the institut d ' astrophysique de paris . the discovery of ogle - 2005 - blg - 390lb also backs current theoretical models of planetary formation , the scientists say . these models predict finding planets the size of earth to neptune orbiting red dwarf stars , small cool stars , between one and 10 times the distance from the earth to our sun . the new planet has mass more than five times that of earth and orbits a red dwarf at more than two - and - a - half times the distance between the earth and the sun . this makes it the first relatively small extrasolar planet discovered not huddled close to its parent star . the planet is about 28 , 000 light years away , near the centre of the milky way , and was discovered using a technique astronomers say is better at finding smaller planets . hunting for extrasolar planets most extrasolar planets discovered have been ' hot jupiters ' or gas giant planets in small orbits , detected by the gravitational ' wobble ' they induce in the parent star . " that technique is sensitive to massive planets orbiting nearby stars . but the microlensing method ... can detect much smaller planets orbiting at larger distances around distant stars ," says new zealand ' s dr michael albrow from the university of canterbury . albrow is a founding member of the planet collaboration , which found the planet , one of the three microlensing collaborations involved from 32 institutions in 12 countries . dr andrew williams from australia ' s perth observatory explains how microlensing works . " the gravity of a dim intervening star acts as a giant natural telescope , magnifying a more distant star , which brightens temporarily . a small ' defect ' in the brightening reveals the existence of a planet around the lens star ." because the chances of exact alignment are very rare , astronomers continuously monitor dense star fields such as the galactic centre , which is best seen from the southern hemisphere . the japanese - new zealand microlensing observations in astrophysics group supplied extra data . the group happened to be testing the world ' s largest dedicated microlensing telescope at the time , a 1 . 8 metre telescope at mount john university observatory in tekapo , new zealand .