clusters of magnesium , zinc and copper atoms could be the key to strengthening lightweight metals an australian phd student has taken the first pictures of clusters of metal atoms , which could be the key to tailor - made alloys that are light , strong , durable and flexible . peter liddicoat of the university of sydney will present the digital images at a microscopy conference in sydney next month . liddicoat analysed the atomic structure of a lightweight alloy used in the aerospace industry . the alloy is made of aluminium , zinc , magnesium and copper heated to 460 ° c before undergoing a rapid hardening process . hardening involves quenching the alloy in water and then reheating it to 150 ° c . after 60 seconds at this temperature , the alloy is twice as hard . although this hardening process has been used for 50 years , liddicoat says no one knows how it works . " making metal is still a bit of a black art . it ' s like cooking ," he says . "[ this work is ] just trying to get a bit of science back into it ." some time ago , his phd supervisor , professor simon ringer proposed a theory that small clusters of atoms in the alloy could be responsible for the hardening . and liddicoat is the first to image them . first , decompose your alloy liddicoat imaged the clusters using strong electromagnetic fields at very low temperatures to ' decompose ' the alloy . " when you decompose this material you actually rip the atoms off one by one ," he says . " it ' s actually a very delicate process ." a 3d digital image of the alloy and its atoms is then made by computer . liddicoat says he is " pretty excited " to have imaged these clusters and the next step is to confirm that these clusters are responsible for the alloy ' s hardening . he hopes to work out how the atoms arrange themselves by taking snapshots of the alloy over time . and he wants to characterise the clusters : the precise combination of atoms that makes them up , the shape of the clusters and how many there are per unit volume of the alloy . tailor - made alloys liddicoat hopes this will one day make it possible to create materials with specific degrees of flexibility , durability and tensile strength . " if you understand what they are then ... you might be able to create the conditions to create these things ," he says .