new measurements of planet 2003 ub313 , dubbed xena , show its diameter is about 700 kilometres larger than pluto ' s . so will ub313 be named the solar system ' s 10th planet ? xena , the possible 10th planet in our solar system , is even larger then pluto , research shows . astronomers led by professor frank bertoldi of germany ' s university of bonn publish their findings today in the journal nature . they say they have measured reflected solar radiation from xena , or 2003 ub313 to give it its official name , using a 30 metre telescope in spain . the result : ub313 has a diameter of about 3000 kilometers , about 700 kilometres larger than pluto ' s . this would make ub313 the largest solar system object to be spotted since the discovery of neptune in 1846 . astronomers have been debating the status of ub313 ever since the announcement last year that it had been discovered 15 billion kilometres from earth . pluto ' s defenders blasted it , saying it was not a planet ... but a vulgar rock . astronomers get abusive the polite term for such abuse is a kbo , kuiper belt object , for the estimated 100 , 000 pieces of icy , primeval debris that slowly encircle the sun on the outskirts of the solar system , far beyond the orbit of neptune . the ub313 supporters ' club responded tartly , claiming that if anything deserved the moniker of kbo , it was pluto . for one thing , pluto , discovered in 1930 by american clyde tombaugh , has a weird , unplanetary orbital plane . it is a whole 17 & deg ; off the horizontal plane taken by the eight other planets . its path around the sun is also so egg - shaped that for 20 years of its 248 - year orbit it ' s inside the track of neptune itself . now , weighing powerfully in this group ' s favour , are the first detailed measurements of ub313 ' s size . if the data is accepted by a special 19 - member panel set up by the international astronomical union to determine what constitutes a planet , pluto faces being booted out of the solar system ' s elite club , and downgraded to a mere kbo . either that , or the planetary list will have to expand to include ub313 and possibly many others . time ' s running out for bertoldi , time is running out for pluto as the solar system ' s outermost planet . " since ub313 is decidedly larger than pluto , it is now increasingly hard to justify calling pluto a planet if ub313 is not also given this status ," he says . pluto ' s humiliation is knowledge ' s gain , though . " the discovery of a solar system object larger than pluto is very exciting ," says dr wilhelm altenhoff of the max planck institute for radio astronomy , a veteran watcher of asteroids and comets . " it tells us that pluto , which should properly also be counted to the kuiper belt , is not such an unusual object . maybe we can find even other small planets out there , which could teach us more about how the solar system formed and evolved . " the kuiper belt objects are the debris from its formation , an archaeological site containing pristine remnants of the solar nebula from which the sun and the planets formed ." ub313 has yet to be given an official name . professor michael brown , the california institute of technology astronomer who led the team that discovered ub313 , informally calls it xena after the warrior princess of tv fame . but if the object is confirmed as a planet , he will be under pressure to name it , like the nine others , after a figure from greek or roman mythology . in a naming competition run by the magazine new scientist , readers ' suggestions included persephone , pax , galileo and cerberus , as well as rupert and bob . last october , brown and his team announced that xena had a moon called gabrielle , named after the on - screen warrior ' s travelling companion .