stem cell lines derived from abnormal embryos can improve our knowledge of genetic diseases , researchers say australian researchers are seeking the country ' s first licences to make stem cell lines from freshly created human embryos with genetic abnormalities . this is a shift from the current situation where all research in australia on human embryos has been confined to frozen spare embryos created during previous in - vitro fertilisation ( ivf ) treatment . the medical director of sydney ivf , dr robert jansen , says the group has applied to the national health and medical research council ' s licensing committee for two licences for fresh embryos . one relates to embryos created during ivf , but having genetic diseases like huntington ' s , cystic fibrosis and muscular dystrophy . the second licence is for ivf embryos that have failed to develop properly and contain chromosomal abnormalities or mutations . " both the new licences are [ to ] intentionally produce abnormal stem cell lines so that they can be used for research into the relevant diseases ," jansen says . dr david cram of monash ivf and his colleague , stem cell pioneer professor alan trounson , are also seeking access to embryos with genetic diseases . " we are going through a process at the moment to gain approval for using embryos that are being found to be affected by genetic disease for creating stem cell lines ," cram says . " the whole idea is that we believe that these stem cell lines will be useful in ultimately identifying new treatments for patients ... to identify a potential drug to change the abnormality ." fresh or frozen ? the use of fresh embryos was addressed by the stem cell and cloning legislation review committee , which handed down its report last december about changes to current stem cell research laws . the lockhart report recommends that " fresh art [ assisted reproductive technology ] embryos that are diagnosed by pre - implantation genetic diagnosis ... as being unsuitable for implantation should be permitted to be used , under licence , for research , training and improvements in clinical practice ". cram says legislative changes will be required before researchers can have access to fresh , as opposed to frozen embryos . however , jansen says the restrictions on using fresh embryos are not enshrined in law , but are only a " suggestion " of the australian health ethics committee , which stipulates a two - week waiting period before a couple commits an embryo to research . the timeframe effectively rules out the use of fresh embryos , which would be too old to use for stem cells after two weeks . pre - implantation genetic diagnosis the abnormal embryos the researchers are seeking will be the products of pre - implantation genetic diagnosis ( pigd ), which allows scientists to detect abnormalities in a blastocyst before it ' s implanted in the womb . in a paper published in the journal endocrine reviews , trounson reviews the use of chromosomally abnormal or mutant human embryos from ivf clinics using pigd . " these ... lines are an important resource for functional genomics , drug screening and , perhaps eventually , cell and gene therapy ," he writes . cram says it ' s also more efficient to use fresh embryos because freezing can damage them . he says the group will also apply to import stem cell lines created from abnormal embryos internationally to " cover all our bases " in case the application for a licence is unsuccessful . ethical issues associate professor sue dodds , from the university of wollongong specialises in feminist approaches to bioethics . she says the biggest ethical issues about using fresh embryos relate to the potential to put pressure on women to provide embryos on demand for research , rather than creating them as part of a legitimate ivf process . she says there are also perceptions about the so - called " slippery slope " towards production - line approaches to human life . " as a matter of public policy it ' s been decided that we cannot create embryos for the purpose of research ... [ but can only ] use ones that would otherwise be destroyed because they ' re not being used for ivf ," she says .