scientists have been inspired by the path of a free - falling ball to work out a crucial step in quantum computing what can a quantum computer do ? the answer is as simple as watching a ball free - falling under gravity , say australian physicists . they say the maths that describes a falling ball can be used to identify algorithms for quantum computers to work on . mark dowling and colleagues at the university of queensland report their argument in today ' s issue of the journal science . some problems , like finding the factors of very large numbers , are beyond the capability of normal computers , says dowling . " a simple example would be 15 . the factors are 3 and 5 ," he says . " but if i give you 256 billion nine hundred and whatever and ask you what numbers multiply to give that , that ' s a hard problem ." in general , a standard computer will require 10 ^ n steps to find the factors of a number with ' n ' digits . this means that as a number gets bigger , the number of steps in the algorithm used to solve the problem increases exponentially and it becomes unfeasible to calculate . but it is expected that quantum computers will be able to solve such problems more easily , using algorithms that do not have an exponential increase in steps as the number increases . quantum computers are only in their infancy right now , which is why internet commerce can rely on encryption codes based on factoring very large numbers to secure credit card details . but as quantum computers mature , not only will this present a challenge for those involved in internet security , researchers will also want to put these powerful computers to more useful work than cracking codes . scientists have been looking for problems , like factoring , which would be suitable for a quantum computer to solve . but so far it ' s been a difficult task . now the queensland researchers have found a surprising way of identifying quantum computer algorithms . geometric inspiration dowling and colleagues were inspired by the field of mathematics called riemannian geometry , which helps to find the shortest path between two points in a curved space . picture a ball at the top of a hill in a hilly landscape about to travel from a to b . the quickest path would be for the ball to fall freely from a under gravity , working its way down the hill to b . now imagine the hills are like steps in an algorithm . the bigger the hill , the more steps . there may be many possible algorithms that solve a problem , or paths to get from a to b . but the ones with the least number of steps are equivalent to the path taken by the free - falling ball . the researchers have found that the maths that describes the path of the free - falling ball can be used to identify algorithms suitable for quantum computer problems . " it ' s a new route to finding problems that a quantum computer can do easily ," says dowling . he says there are many problems that standard computers cannot solve and that may be candidates for quantum computing . one such problem is the ' travelling salesman problem ', which identifies the shortest route for someone visiting a large number of locations .