the new technology allows online gamers to talk and listen to others in a crowd online gaming characters will one - day have more realistic voices , say researchers who are working on a system that makes nearby characters sound louder than distant ones . the australian researchers say their technology will also make other forms of communication in the virtual world - whether for work , study or play - more like real life . dr paul boustead from the university of wollongong says this technology will be useful in the gaming world , where players generally communicate by typing text to each other . typing is quite demanding , says boustead , especially for those involved in some games that can have millions of active players . boustead says the main problem with current ' voice over internet ' technology is that it is one - dimensional ; there is no relationship between how someone ' s voice sounds and the position they are at in the virtual landscape . but in the new system , a person ' s voice ' moves ' around with their online character . this makes it possible to have multiple online conversations going on at the same time . people can get closer to those they want to hear and move away from those they are less interested in hearing . " the idea is that you can walk into a virtual crowd ," says boustead . " you can talk to people just like in normal life , in real life . and it ' s quite a comfortable way of communicating with people . people are actually very used to it ." immersed in a virtual world for games and other virtual reality devices , this means people can become even more immersed in their virtual world . " with our system you see through the eyes of your character , you see these other characters which other people are controlling , and you hear them from where they look like they are in the game ," says boustead . " so if someone is way up in front you ' ll hear them just slightly off in the distance in the front ," he says . " if they ' re right up close they ' ll be loud ." he says being able to talk to others in a crowd is important for players in computer games where co - operation with a small group within a crowd is crucial to winning . it also means you can focus on the task at hand , rather than typing to communicate in text , says boustead . he says the new technology could also be useful for virtual classrooms where students want to listen to the teacher and then form small discussion groups . the technology could be useful for corporate meetings , interactive online conferences or other events , says boustead . " you could have a cocktail party online ," says boustead . " it could be kind of cool ." delivering the service the main restrictions on voice over internet has been a lack of bandwidth because having numerous voices and information that identifies their location in space involves a lot of data . but boustead says his team has been developing technology that will allow such information to be sent via normal consumer broadband internet . the system involves an audio server , which creates ' audio scenes ', connected to devices on pcs . telstra has been running a trial using the voice technology with several online computer games over the last few months with a small group of broadband users . the research is funded by the smart internet technology crc .