the concave - eared torrent frog needs to ' shout ' to be heard over the sound of rushing water . it uses a form of communication before now only seen in mammals a rare frog uses ultrasound to communicate , a clever tool that helps it overcome the noise of the waterfalls it lives in , researchers say . the concave - eared torrent frog ( amolops tormotus ) is the first non - mammalian species known to use the ultra - high frequencies that humans cannot hear . it joins bats , dolphins and whales , and a small number of rodents , in the elite club of creatures that can communicate this way . a us and chinese team reports its find today in the journal nature . professor albert feng of the university of illinois and team found that male frogs of the species make high - pitched melodic bird - like calls . the calls sometimes exceeded their recorder ' s maximum range of 128 kilohertz , more than six times the limit of human hearing . the frogs inhabit huangshan hot springs , a popular mountainous area west of shanghai , where there are loud waterfalls and streams . the high frequencies provide a channel of communication that cannot be disrupted by the lower - frequency rumble of the water , says feng . " nature has a way of evolving mechanisms to facilitate communication in very adverse situations ," he says . " one of the ways is to shift the frequencies beyond the spectrum of the background noise . mammals such as bats , whales and dolphins do this , and use ultrasound for their sonar system and communication . frogs were never taken into consideration for being able to do this ." the discovery also answers a puzzle as to why the frogs do not have external eardrums . " thin eardrums are needed for detection of ultrasound ," says feng . " recessed ears shorten the path between the eardrums and the ear , enabling the transmission of ultrasound to the ear ." ultrasounds are high - pitched sounds with a frequency of more than 20 kilohertz , much higher than the frequency most birds , reptiles and amphibians can hear .