in clever kids , the brain ' s cortex or outer mantle thickens rapidly during adolescence intelligence may have more to do with how the brain develops during adolescence than its overall size , researchers say . us scientists at the national institutes of health show that the brains of children with high iqs show a distinct pattern of development . the cortex , or outer mantle of the brain , starts out thinner and thickens more rapidly in very intelligent children . it peaks around 11 or 12 years old before thinning rapidly in the late teens . " we found that the cortex showed a different pattern of development ," says dr philip shaw , lead author of the research published today in the journal nature . youngsters with average iqs have a thicker cortex to start with and peak earlier before gradual thinning begins . shaw adds that the changes are subtle and what is driving them is a mystery . why children have a thicker or thinner cortex initially is also not known . " brainy children are not cleverer solely by virtue of having more or less grey matter at any one age ," says dr judith rapoport , a co - author of the study . " rather iq is related to the dynamics of cortex maturation ." the scientists took magnetic resonance imaging scans of 307 healthy children and teenagers , aged 5 - 19 , every two years as they grew up . they compared the scans to see how they related to the children ' s iq . very intelligent youngsters had scores of 121 - 145 while high iqs were between 109 - 120 and average between 83 - 108 . the smartest youngsters showed the highest rate of change in the scans . the scientists believe the longer thickening time in the very brainy children might indicate a longer period for the development of high - level cognitive circuits in the brain . the researchers add that the thinning phase could involve a " use it or lose it " pruning , or killing off , of brain cells and their connections as the brain matures and becomes more efficient . " that might be happening more efficiently in the most intelligent children ," says shaw . " people with very agile minds tend to have a very agile cortex ."