the outer rings of saturn ( top ) and uranus ( bottom ), in which each system has been scaled to a common planetary radius the newly discovered outer ring of uranus is bright blue , for the same reason the earth ' s sky is blue , astronomers say . it ' s made up of tiny particles . the ring is " strikingly similar " to saturn ' s outer ring , which astronomers last month confirmed was probably generated by one of the planet ' s moons , enceladus . like saturn ' s ring , the uranus ring also has a small moon in it , called mab . but mab is too small and too cold to be spewing a geyser of ice that contributes to the ring as enceladus is now believed to be doing . " the outer ring of saturn is blue and has enceladus right smack at its brightest spot , and uranus is strikingly similar , with its blue ring right on top of mab ' s orbit ," says imke de pater , a professor of astronomy at the university of california berkeley , who helped lead the study . " i think there is no chance that the blue ring is caused by geyser activity ," adds de pater , whose report is published today in the journal science . " we don ' t know what the composition of the particles is ." mab is probably covered with water ice , like the other moons of uranus , but that has nothing to do with the ring ' s colour , says de pater . " they are blue because they are tiny particles ," she says . " that is same reason why the sky is blue . you have little particles that scatter light as blue light ." most other rings around planets in the solar system are red , because of the size of their particles . this is why astronomers missed uranus ' s outer ring for so long ; scientists were looking for it in the infrared light spectrum . throwing up debris the scientists believe that meteoroids hitting mab ' s surface throw up debris . the larger pieces remain in the moon ' s orbit and eventually are swept up , but smaller ones drift around more and eventually make up the ring . the blue ring was only seen after researchers compared notes from near - infrared observations by the keck telescope in hawaii and visible - light photos taken by the orbiting hubble space telescope . now they are looking for rings around other planets , including mars . rings are always easier to see when they are edge - on , de pater says . " the interesting thing with uranus is that in 2007 the rings will appear edge - on ," she says . " in 2007 the rings will be 100 times brighter ." saturn ' s rings a second paper , published in geophysical research letters , shows that saturn ' s prominent a ring contains more debris than once thought . the cassini - huygens spacecraft now orbiting the planet has sent back ultraviolet images that show the ring is 35 times thicker than originally thought . a team at the university of colorado at boulder says the particles making up the ring range in size from dust grains to chunks as big as buses , and orbit in long stringy clumps . the same spacecraft helped planetary scientists discover the geyser on enceladus , leading to speculation that the moon has a liquid water source under its frozen surface .