seb the german shepherd smells sheep poo for a living a sniffer dog has been trained to tell which sheep have parasitic worms , australian researchers show . the dog ' s skills will be used to develop an electronic handheld ' sniffer ' device to detect gastrointestinal nematodes in sheep . the parasite detection initiative has the potential to save the australian sheep industry millions of dollars a year , say agricultural scientists at melbourne ' s la trobe university . internal parasites are a constant headache for sheep farmers because they cause serious production losses . they can interfere with a sheep ' s wool and meat growth , and make the animal weak and susceptible to other diseases . they can even kill . anti - parasitic drugs have been the weapon of choice for a number of years , however many parasites have become resistant to the drugs . so the researchers tried something different . " scents , and the use of sniffer dogs to detect them , are used to determine the presence of a number of substances ," says chief investigator associate professor mark sandeman . " so we set out to ascertain whether the presence of intestinal parasites in sheep could be detected by their scent ." it seems they can , with seb the female german shepherd being trained to detect parasite - infected sheep droppings by its odour with 80 - 90 % accuracy . " we used [ seb ] in a classic training sense ; just as dogs are trained to detect drugs at airports , we trained [ seb ] to detect parasites ," he says . bags of infested poo were placed among bags of non - infested poo and seb was trained to pick out the infested sample . the whiff of parasites sandeman says it is too early to say exactly which chemicals , or groups of chemicals seb is sniffing out . " we don ' t know exactly what the dog is sniffing but we ' re picking up some differences in terms of chemical signatures that would suggest there are a number of different compounds that are changed between infected and uninfected sheep ," he says . the researchers are now working on developing an electronic handheld ' sniffer ' device similar to those used in the food manufacturing industry . they are confident they will have a prototype within five years . " we thought about training dogs to use on farms , but [ there were many ] technical difficulties . so instead we thought it would be better to have some small device that farmers could use ," sandeman says . he envisages a farmer holding the sniffer device near the rear end of sheep or near poo . eventually , the detector might be refined using biosensor technology and sheep may be checked automatically for parasites , he says . the australian sheep industry crc is funding the work .