there ' s no motivation to put up arabic content on the web as there ' s no dedicated search engine to find it , commentators say . but that may be about to change with the launch of a new search engine later this year plans for a dedicated arabic language search engine could boost the number of arabic webpages , its developers say . the saudi - german search engine , called sawafi , is planned to be launched in the last quarter of 2006 . and it could set a tough challenge for international search giants such as google , msn and yahoo , which currently offer a basic arabic search . " there is no [ full ] arabic internet search engine on the market . you find so - called search engines , but they involve a directory search , not a local search ," says hermann havermann , managing director of german internet tech firm seekport . sawafi , working with saudi partner integrated technical solutions , is hoping to copy the success of local chinese language search engine baidu , which has made huge strides in a market with over 100 million users . everything is to play for in the arabic speaking world of 280 million people , where internet penetration is low . there are also large communities arabic speakers internationally . " there are only 100 million webpages right now in arabic , and that ' s nothing . it ' s only 0 . 2 % of the total worldwide ," havermann says . research commissioned from dubai - based internet researcher madar shows the number of arabic speaking internet users could jump to 43 million in 2008 from 16 million in 2004 , havermann says . according to madar , 65 % of arabic internet users in 2005 could not read english , which accounts for 70 % of the material on the internet . better search engines are key to a turnaround . " there is not enough arabic content available on the internet . but there ' s no motivation to put more arabic content on the internet as long as you don ' t have a system to find the content ," havermann says . saudi arabia , with an affluent population of 24 million , and dubai in the united arab emirates would be key places for winning online advertising to fuel arabic search engines . " search engines are dependent on income from advertising , and for this you need partners and marketing agencies . they are in dubai ," havermann says . " on the other side , the arabic user market is in saudi arabia ."