scientists say that terrestrial gamma - ray flashes could spark cloud - to - cloud lightning the ongoing hunt for the sources of exotic gamma rays inside earth ' s atmosphere has taken two strange turns . one is that the powerful radiation flashes are being triggered far closer to the ground than ever suspected . the other is that in at least one case a burst of gamma rays appears to have happened before a burst of cloud - to - cloud lightning , like a lightning trigger . terrestrial gamma - ray flashes are thought to occur when electrons that have been somehow sped to near light - speed slam into air molecules . the great burst of energy the collision releases is enough to create gamma rays , one of the most powerful form of electromagnetic radiation . researchers have thought they were in some way associated with sprites , the enigmatic vertical bolts of lighting that zap upward from very high cloud tops towards space . but new us research with an array of ground - based and space - borne instruments has located the gamma - ray sources much deeper in the earth ' s atmosphere , in thunderstorms . the finding , reported recently in the journal geophysical research letters , is puzzling because the thicker air of the lower atmosphere gobbles up gamma rays pretty quickly . " sprites were the logical choice [ for a link with gamma - ray flashes ]," says lead author dr mark stanley of the los alamos national laboratory . not only are they flashy and energetic , they are also close to the edge of space , which would easily allow the gamma rays to escape the atmosphere and reach orbiting detectors . " but there ' s nothing there and that ' s quite a shock ," says stanley . high flashes and low ones the researchers took new measurements using the ground - based los alamos sferic array , which detects electrical changes in the atmosphere , and the gamma - ray detector onboard the orbiting ramaty high energy solar spectroscopic imager . their results indicate the terrestrial gamma - ray flashes are coming from much lower down , and come from cloud - to - cloud lighting in much thicker , gamma - ray absorbing air . that means the exact source of the gamma rays has to be putting out a lot more gamma rays so a few can make it up into space and be detected . " if you detect this at any distance that means whatever causes this is incredibly violent ," says stanley . stanley and his colleagues have found terrestrial gamma - ray flashes that appear to come from less than 15 , 000 metres up , within the range of jet aircraft . " i ' m getting some even lower than that ," stanley says . perhaps terrestrial gamma ray flashes are created at various elevations , says lightning researcher assistant professor steven cummer of duke university . those that are higher can be only detected by the orbiting imager and those that are lower can be detected only on the ground . which came first ? the gamma rays or the lightning ? stanley and his colleagues also refined the timing of the events and in one case found that the gamma rays detected by the orbiting imager might have preceded the lightning , which was a complete surprise , he says . " in every way this was unusual ," says stanley . until now it had been assumed that the terrestrial gamma - ray flashes were a product of the lightning initiation process . now it also appears possible that they could also play a role in triggering lightning . how ? " it ' s really not at all that well understood ," says cummer . despite centuries of research to unlock the secrets of lighting , including benjamin franklin ' s discovery of its electrical nature , cummer says " nobody really knows what starts a lightning strike ".