is technology a match for evolution ? and does this mean that modern humans are still evolving ? new evidence that the hobbit made the stone tools found alongside it might be evidence that humans are still evolving , says an australian researcher . the use of technology doesn ' t mean we have outwitted evolutionary selection pressures , says dr mark moore , an expert on ancient stone flaking technology at the university of new england . he made the comments in light of research published in today ' s issue of the journal nature on how early hominids used tools on the indonesian island of flores . some scientists have recently argued that the tools found alongside the hobbit at the liang bua cave are too complex to have been made by anyone but modern humans . but moore , along with australian and indonesian colleagues , think otherwise . the team analysed the techniques used to make over 500 tools found at mata menge , a site about 50 kilometres from where the hobbit was found . the researchers say although the tools would have been made 700 , 000 years before the hobbit was around , they seemed just as complex as the ones found alongside it . the researchers say the tools were probably made by ancestors of homo floresiensis , suggesting a long history of toolmaking on the island . this supports the idea that the hobbit , even with its small brain , was capable of making the tools found alongside it , says moore . he previously reported that such tools could be made without the degree of forethought usually associated with modern humans . " the techniques used to make [ the tools ] aren ' t quite as sophisticated as a lot of archaeologists would have you believe ," says moore . " they are certainly within the capabilities of a small - brained hominid ." implications for evolution those who discovered the hobbit believe it evolved from a larger bodied , larger brained ancestor that shrank over time as it was isolated on the island . the fact that the hominid could still make stone tools despite its shrinking brain suggests toolmaking was key to survival on the island . this supports the argument that technology helps humans survive changing environments . but moore thinks it also tells us that technology doesn ' t protect us from evolutionary selection pressures , like predators or other environmental factors that affect our survival . the environment is a bigger force than we give it credit for , he says . " there ' s an underlying assumption in the popular media , in particular , and amongst some scientists , that since we adapt to our environment through technology that somehow this is buffering us from the forces of natural selection ," says moore . but , he says , the use of technology by the hobbit ' s ancestors to adapt to their environment did not stop them from shrinking in response to selection pressures . " even thought they had a technological adaptation to the environment it didn ' t mean that they had stopped evolving ," says moore . " they clearly had continued evolving . technology was not able to stop that from happening ." he says this could be relevant to current debates over whether modern humans are evolving . " we are so surrounded by technology every day ," says moore . " but that doesn ' t necessarily mean that the environment isn ' t also having an effect ."