it took just 10 million years for the artic ocean to go from bath - temperature to frigid dramatic shifts in earth ' s climate system drove the sea at the north pole from sub - tropical temperatures to icy chill in the relatively brief span of 10 million years , according to a series of studies . the papers report a mission in which european scientists aboard a ship braved flowing walls of ice to delve deep into the lomonosov ridge on the floor of the arctic ocean . the precious cores of sediment , retrieved from up to 430 metres below the seabed , give an idea of the planet ' s climate going back 55 million years thanks to the fossilised creatures , plants and stones buried in them . this surveyed period kicks off with an astonishingly warm period called the palaeocene - eocene thermal maximum . at one point during this era , the arctic ocean was 23 & deg ; c . then , around 49 million years ago , large volumes of cool freshwater for some reason were dumped into the arctic , chilling the sea to around 10 & deg ; c and diluting its saltiness so much that in summer months , a species of green freshwater fern covered much of its surface . at 45 million years ago , the first ice started to form , as evidenced by pebbles dropped by icebergs , and the relative cooling has continued to the modern era . the studies , published today the journal nature , were carried out in an initiative called arctic coring expedition . a swedish - flagged , norwegian - operated drillship , the vidar viking , manoeuvred in water 1000 metres deep just 238 kilometres from the north pole , protected by a russian and a swedish icebreaker . " at times , the drill site was covered with ice 2 - 3 metres thick ," says one of the lead authors , jan blackman , a professor at stockholm university . " we encountered an icefloe of multi - year ice , harder and denser than ice from just one arctic winter . it was like driving into a brick wall ." natural shifts in climate in a history spanning some 4 . 5 billion years , earth has gone through natural shifts in climate change . the drivers for this include changes in solar radiation , surges in volcanic activity , releases of methane stored underground , shifts in vegetation and the light that is reflected back into space by polar icecaps . the study delves into the distant past and does not cover recent history , especially the industrial revolution , whose fossil - fuel emissions many blame for global warming . evidence has accumulated in recent years that arctic ice cover is thinning and shrinking in response to this warming , which in turn may have a big impact on polar bears and other species . the icecap at the north pole floats on the arctic ocean , which means its melting does not affect global sea levels . in antarctica , it lies mainly on rock , which means that even a partial melting would threaten coastal cities and deltas around the world .