could our perpetual childishness actually cause genetic changes ? grown - ups today are more immature than ever , according to research showing that increasing numbers of adults are retaining behaviour and attitudes normally associated with youth . as a consequence , many older people simply never achieve mental adulthood , says evolutionary psychiatrist bruce charlton from the school of biology at the university of newcastle upon tyne , england . among scientists , the phenomenon is called psychological neoteny . charlton , who is also editor - in - chief of medical hypotheses , which will feature a paper outlining his theory in an upcoming issue . charlton says humans have an inherent attraction to physical youth , because it can be a sign of fertility , health and vitality . a symptom of instability ? in the mid 20th century , however , another force kicked in , with an increasing trend for individuals to change jobs , learn new skills , move to new places and make new friends . a " child - like flexibility of attitudes , behaviours and knowledge " is probably adaptive to the increased instability of the modern world , charlton believes . formal education now extends well past physical maturity , leaving students with minds that are , he says , " unfinished ". " the psychological neoteny effect of formal education is an accidental by - product , the main role of education is to increase general , abstract intelligence and prepare for economic activity ," he says . " but formal education requires a child - like stance of receptivity to new learning , and cognitive flexibility ." " when formal education continues into the early twenties ," he says , " it probably , to an extent , counteracts the attainment of psychological maturity , which would otherwise occur at about this age ". genetic changes charlton says past cultures often marked the advent of adulthood with initiation ceremonies . while the human mind responds to new information over the course of any individual ' s lifetime , charlton argues that past physical environments were more stable and allowed for a state of psychological maturity . in hunter - gatherer societies , that maturity was probably achieved during a person ' s late teens or early twenties , he says . " by contrast , many modern adults fail to attain this maturity , and such failure is common and indeed characteristic of highly educated and , on the whole , effective and socially valuable people ," he said . " people such as academics , teachers , scientists and many other professionals are often strikingly immature outside of their strictly specialist competence in the sense of being unpredictable , unbalanced in priorities , and tending to overreact ." charlton added that since modern cultures now favour cognitive flexibility , " immature " people tend to thrive and succeed , and have set the tone not only for contemporary life , but also for the future , when it is possible our genes may even change as a result of the psychological shift . cultural shallowness the faults of youth are retained along with the virtues , he believes . these include short attention span , sensation and novelty - seeking , short cycles of arbitrary fashion and a sense of cultural shallowness . at least " youthfulness is no longer restricted to youth ," he says due to overall improvements in food and healthcare , along with cosmetic technologies . david brooks , a social commentator and an op - ed columnist at the new york times , has documented a somewhat related phenomenon concerning the current blurring of " the bourgeois world of capitalism and the bohemian counterculture ," which charlton believes is a version of psychological neoteny .