the conditions that determine whether a male will grow up gay may be present before birth , research suggests the last male child in a family of many boys is more likely to be gay than a boy who is born first or has fewer brothers , according to new research . the canadian study , published in the us proceedings of the national academy of sciences online journal , suggests that being gay starts in the womb . the study , led by dr anthony bogaert of brock university near toronto , found that having older brothers increases a man ' s chance of being gay , even if the older brothers don ' t live with the younger sibling . adopted or step brothers don ' t appear to have an effect . " the most consistent bio - demographic correlate of sexual orientation in men is the number of older brothers ( one has ) and not social influences ," bogaert reports . " only biological older brothers , and not any other sibling characteristic , including non - biological older brothers , predicted men ' s sexual orientation , regardless of the amount of time reared with these siblings ." there ' s no evidence that similar patterns apply to girls , he says . fraternal birth order effect the results are a variation of the so - called " fraternal birth order effect " theory on homosexuality in men . the researchers didn ' t investigate the mechanism at play , but bogaert says his study indicates that biological , rather than social or child - rearing factors , are at play . one possible explanation is that during pregnancy a mother ' s immune system recognises male foetuses as foreign and creates " maternal anti - male antibodies ". these antibodies could affect the part of the brain that determines sexuality . the effect is cumulative and therefore more likely to cause homosexuality in the last of several sons born to the same mother . " these results support a prenatal origin to sexual orientation development in men and indicate that the fraternal birth order effect is probably the result of a maternal " memory " for male gestations or births ," he says . female foetuses aren ' t affected because mothers are themselves female , so the mother doesn ' t create antibodies against daughters . bogaert reports that the age of the mother also appears related to the sexual orientation of her sons , " with homosexual men ' s mothers being significantly younger than the mothers of heterosexual men ". gay staircase effect ? professor roger short , a reproductive biologist in the faculty of medicine at melbourne university , says there could be a social element in younger brothers with lots of older male siblings becoming gay . " i wouldn ' t be surprised if you come from a large unisex family where you ' re one boy amongst many , and the last in the line , that you ' ve got a slightly socially deprived environment ," he says . " that could make you more aligned with ... the same sex because you ' d be so ignorant and terrified about the opposite sex ." but he says while having a female " sandwiched " between two males in utero can have a masculising influence in species like rats and mice , there ' s no biological evidence for bogaert ' s theory of maternal antigens producing gay boys . " no one ' s ever suggested that maternal antibodies to something produced by a male foetus could have a long lasting effect to act on subsequent male foetuses ," he says . " so each subsequent male foetus would be a little more gay than the one before it . " you would have a sort of gay staircase effect ."