the plan is to use magnets to attract iron oxide nanoparticles attached to genes magnets may one day drag genes around the body in a novel form of gene therapy , says a swiss scientist . the magnets would be attracted to iron oxide nanoparticles attached to the genes , a concept that has been tested in sheep . but many safety tests would be needed before this technology could be used in humans , says professor heinrich hofmann of the ecole polytechnique fédérale de lausanne in switzerland . hofmann reported his findings at the international conference on nanoscience and nanotechnology in brisbane last week . gene therapy has been beset with problems including the lack of a safe and effective vector to transport therapeutic genes into cells . hofmann says his iron oxide nanoparticles are safer than commonly used viral vectors , which can mutate and influence the dna of cells . " the iron oxide particle is less dangerous than a virus ," he says . he also says the nanoparticles can be controlled more precisely than a virus because they can be moved into place with a magnet . in a recent experiment , hofmann injected iron nanoparticles attached to a green fluorescent protein gene into the joint of sheep and used a magnet to move the gene into place . the sheep cells produced green fluorescent protein that glowed green under light , proving the success of the experiment , hoffman says . the research has been published in the journal of magnetism and magnetic materials . activating stem cells in another application , hofmann is using magnets and iron oxide nanoparticles to activate the growth of bone stem cells . in vitro experiments have shown that iron oxide nanoparticles injected into stem cells can be vibrated with magnets to boost cell growth . " we know from a fracture that if you mechanically stimulate the bone then the growth is enhanced ," he says . " the healing rate is improved . and we are now doing this on a cellular level ." this work is being patented and is yet to be published . safety issues iron oxide nanoparticles are approved by the us food and drug administration for use in magnetic resonance imaging , says hoffman . but these particles have different coatings not designed to penetrate cells , and are cleared via the blood into the liver . the iron oxide nanoparticles hofmann uses have a coating of polymers and specific chemical groups designed to help them penetrate cells . because of this , and because the safety of nanoparticles in general is still being investigated , hofmann says his laboratory is careful to contain the nanoparticles to prevent them from escaping . he says after doing their job , the nanoparticles would be cleared through the lymphatic system into the kidney where they would gradually be cleared from the body . but , he says , there is a risk the nanoparticles could create local inflammation or toxic shock . another danger is they could clump together and clog up the kidney , says hoffman , and many more safety tests are required . hofmann ' s research is publicly funded .