ahh , i remember this ... songs we hear as teenagers tend to remain lifelong favourites because they become hardwired into our memory during a critical time , a memory conference has heard . that critical time is known as the reminiscence bump , says steve janssen , a phd student at the university of amsterdam . janssen presented his research into how we form memories of our favourite music , books and movies at the 4th international conference on memory in sydney this week . he says the reminiscence bump can be partly explained by what ' s called differential encoding , or an ability to store events better during early adulthood . " you recall more memories from the period of 10 to 25 [ than previous or subsequent periods ] and the bump has a peak between 16 and 20 ," he says . " the brain works at its optimum in that period . it ' s a sponge and it soaks up everything ." we also learn languages and musical instruments best during this time . but attachment to songs isn ' t all about the reminiscence bump , he says . we also form a particularly personal connection with music from our teen years because we tend to listen to the same songs over and over , his research indicates . what ' s your favourite ? janssen found that when asked to rate their three favourite records , movies and books , participants in his study overwhelmingly chose items they listened to , watched or read between the ages of 16 and 21 . while music preferences were strongly linked to the reminiscence bump , favourite books and movies were more likely to have been read or viewed recently . this is because we usually only read books once or twice , and see movies a handful of times , but can be exposed to the same song many times , he reasons . " all distributions showed a reminiscence bump so there ' s evidence that people store events better in their teens ," janssen says . " however , i also found a larger recency effect for books and a larger reminiscence bump for records ... so i suggest a kind of interaction between those two mechanisms . " the results suggest that differential encoding initially causes the reminiscence bump , but resampling strengthens the bump ." janssen ' s presention was based on data gathered through an online survey between january 2005 and april this year . he analysed results from 1500 participants around the world with an average age of 36 , including 23 australians . you can participate in the study here .