if you ' re confronted with a familiar situation that seems oddly unrecognisable , you could be suffering from jamais vu the first scientific study of jamais vu , the reverse of d & eacute ; j & agrave ; vu , has shown that the experience exists and can be induced , an international memory conference has heard . jamais vu literally means " never seen " and describes the sense of unfamiliarity in the face of very familiar things or situations , says uk researcher dr chris moulin of the university of leeds . " if you stare at a word , for instance , it loses its meaning ," says moulin , who adds that an estimated 60 % of people have experienced jamais vu . he presented his research for the first time at the 4th international conference on memory in sydney this week . jamais vu is the opposite of d & eacute ; j & agrave ; vu , or " already seen ", which is a sense of familiarity about an unfamiliar object , or the feeling that " i ' ve been here before ". " musicians can get [ jamais vu ] in the middle of playing a familiar passage . it ' s the sensation where you wake up in the morning and turn to the person next to you and feel that they ' re a stranger ," says moulin . "[ it can also occur ] when you look at a face for too long and it begins to look strange , or when you ' re in a familiar place but think ' i don ' t know where i am ', for a brief , fleeting moment ." jamais vu was first recognised about 100 years ago when it was regarded as something of a " gentleman ' s intrigue ", moulin says . but it has never been systematically studied in a laboratory until now . brain fatigue moulin says his study shows it ' s possible to induce jamais vu by what ' s known as semantic satiation , which occurs when the brain becomes fatigued in a specific way . he asked 92 subjects to write common words such as " door " 30 times in 60 seconds . when they were later asked to describe their experiences , 68 % showed signs of jamais vu . for example , after writing " door " over and over again some participants reported that " it looked like i was spelling something else ", it " sounded like a made - up word " and " i began to doubt that i was writing the correct word for the meaning ". some thought they had been tricked into thinking it was the right word for a door . " if you look at something for long enough the mind gets tired and it loses it ' s meaning ," moulin says . moulin says studying jamais vu will help researchers better understand psychiatric disorders like schizophrenia or capgras delusion , where people believe someone they know very well has been replaced by an impostor . " it suggests that this is the normal process that might go wrong in these people , they might just have chronic jamais vu ," moulin says . his latest research aims to induce jamais vu and monitor what actually goes on in the brain using neural imaging .