bomb - making ingredients could be hidden in small bottles and carried on planes . alternatively , toiletries themselves could be used to make explosives hair gels and lotions may have been banned from carry - on luggage as they could be assembled on board a plane to make a bomb , a us criminologist says . professor alfred blumstein from carnegie mellon university in pittsburgh , who helped write a government report on threats to airlines from explosives , was speaking after uk police say they had foiled a plot to blow up aircraft flying to the us . this prompted authorities to ban liquids , including drinks , hair gels and lotions , from carry - on baggage . " my hunch is that the reason they are prohibiting this stuff is that it does obviously have the potential of being assembled on board so that it doesn ' t look like a bomb going through the x - ray machine ," says blumstein . such mundane items as nail polish remover , disinfectants and hair colouring contain chemicals that can be combined to make an explosion and are not detectable by " sniffing " machines , which detect plastic explosives but are not used with all baggage . explosive ingredients can be concealed in bottles or other innocent - looking containers that would pass through x - ray machines . that does not mean they are easy to make into bombs , cautioned dr neal langerman , a san diego consultant who is former chair of the american chemical society ' s division of chemical health and safety . " many of the ingredients like acetone are household chemicals ," langerman says . but some kind of expertise is usually needed to buy peroxide that is concentrated enough to work in an explosive , he says . bombers who attacked london underground trains and a bus in july 2005 used homemade peroxide - based explosives carried in backpacks . on - board explosives people have tried several times to use such easily concealed explosives on aircraft . uk - born richard reid was tackled by passengers in december 2001 while trying to detonate explosives stuffed in his shoes in an aircraft lavatory . in 1994 , islamic fundamentalists set off liquid explosives on a japan - bound philippine airlines plane , killing a japanese passenger and injuring 10 others . dr mark ensalaco , an international terrorism expert at the university of dayton in ohio , says thursday ' s foiled operation appears to be identical to the japan attack . " i stress identical with the explosives in liquids , which appear to be assembled on the plane ," ensalaco says .