gigantic stromatolites in the 2 . 74 billion - year - old tumbiana formation in the pilbara region of western australia . these indicate that oxygen - producing cyanobacteria were already flourishing in the archaean era there might have been more oxygen in the atmosphere billions of years ago than anyone thought , says an international team of scientists drilling in outback australia . the scientists say that their study of ancient rocks in the pilbara region of western australia may force people to rethink accepted theories of how the prehistoric earth ' s atmosphere developed . they publish their results today in the journal nature . up to now it has been generally accepted that the earth ' s atmosphere was devoid of oxygen for some 80 % of its existence . " the popular model is that there was little oxygen in the earth ' s atmosphere before about 2 . 4 billion years ago ," says lead author professor hiroshi ohmoto of pennsylvania state university . but ohmoto ' s team has cast doubt on the theory after finding sulfur isotopes , indicating prevalent oxygen , that predate the accepted start of atmospheric oxygenation . the key lies in the fact that while all isotopes of sulfur behave the same chemically , they have slightly differing masses according to the amount of atmospheric oxygen at the time . isotopes from two sulfur samples the team analysed , one 2 . 76 billion years old from a lake bed and the other 2 . 92 billion years old from the sea bed , did not indicate an oxygen - starved atmosphere . " we analysed the sulfur composition and could not find the abnormal sulfur isotope ratio [ indicating no oxygen ]," ohmoto says . " this is the first time that sediment that old was found to contain no abnormal sulfur isotope ratio ." the team concludes that there are several possible explanations . oxygen levels could have fluctuated wildly over the millennia , going from oxygenless before 3 billion years ago to oxygenated between 3 and 2 . 75 billion years ago , then back to oxygenless from 2 . 75 to 2 . 4 billion years ago . alternatively , the atmosphere could have contained oxygen as early as 3 . 8 billion years ago and that sulfur usually associated with no oxygen might have been produced at a time of violent volcanic activity . either way , the scientists say , the accepted theories about how the atmosphere evolved needs to be re - evaluated .