it ' s just not the same any more ... dogs feel especially intense jealousy pangs in a ' love triangle ' involving their owner and another more recently introduced person or animal , a new study suggests . the finding suggests dogs may also experience pride , embarrassment , shame and other secondary emotions outside the basic emotions such as anger , anxiety and surprise . scientists previously thought only humans and chimpanzees showed behaviours linked to secondary emotions . a genetic propensity for jealousy may even run as deep as a dog ' s ancient wolf ancestors , the researchers say . " i would definitely think you would find jealousy in wolves ," says lead researcher dr paul morris . " for example , sexual jealousy would be an extremely powerful motivator in the wild state . jealousy would also relate to position in hierarchy and alliances between animals within a pack ." morris , a university of portsmouth psychologist and a member of the university ' s centre for the study of emotion , and colleague christine doe studied 1000 domestic animal owners in the south of england . the researchers asked the pet owners to report observations of both primary and secondary emotions in their animals , which included cats , pigs , horses , rabbits , rats and hamsters , as well as dogs . all the animals received high scores for secondary emotions , with over 80 % of owners saying their dogs showed signs of jealousy . when morris and doe interviewed participants about their observations , owners repeatedly said their pooches seemed jealous when they introduced a new person or animal to the family . lost love morris also studied the phenomenon directly with his own two dogs , silver and jessie . he went out of his way to shower silver with attention , and then only occasionally gave jessie her usual pat on the head . jessie showed her teeth and snarled , but contained her anger and tried to push her way back into the mini pack . " jealousy is at its heart related to the real or anticipated loss of love , affection and attention ," says morris . " dog jealousy is different to human jealousy , in that it is tied to the here and now ; dog jealousy occurs only in the presence of the interloper . so when i talk about dog jealousy , i see it as a much more primitive and hugely less elaborate version of human jealousy ." a range of emotions marc bekoff , a professor of ecology and evolutionary biology at the university of colorado , is the author of numerous studies and books on animal emotions , most recently two books co - authored with primate researcher dr jane goodall . he agrees with the new findings . " i believe that dr morris is right . dogs and other animals do exhibit secondary emotions such as jealousy ," he says . " i ' ve studied the emotional lives of animals for more than 25 years and was pleased to see his results ." morris , who will present his work on canine jealousy at next month ' s british association for the advancement of science ( ba ) festival of science in norwich , next plans to study evidence of guilt in dogs and pride in horses .