this new image of the ' face on mars ' shows a remnant massif thought to have formed via landslides and debris the famous ' face on mars ', seen by some as evidence of intelligent life on the red planet , can now be seen close up . the european space agency has released new detailed images of the controversial , face - like formation first captured by a viking orbiter at the cydonia region of mars in 1976 . the face may be a popular target for orbiters - nasa ' s mars global surveyor snapped images in 1998 and 2001 - but it ' s not an easy one . the site , located at 41 & deg ; north martian latitude , is often obscured by atmospheric dust and haze . still , after several attempts , the high resolution stereo camera on board esa ' s mars express captured a series of images with a ground resolution of approximately 13 . 7 metres per pixel . " these images of the cydonia region on mars are truly spectacular ," says dr agustin chicarro , esa mars express project scientist . " they not only provide a completely fresh and detailed view of an area famous to fans of space myths worldwide , but also provide an impressive close - up over an area of great interest for planetary geologists ." chicarro and his team say the high - resolution images further confirm what nasa scientists have been saying for years : it ' s not a face , but a raised , eroded surface . nasa ' s chief scientist for mars exploration dr jim garvin describes the formation as the equivalent of a butte or mesa . such formations are common in the mars region of cydonia , which is located between the planet ' s southern highlands and northern plains . convincing the true believers but then , some may never be convinced . since the spooky , face - like structure was first photographed by nasa ' s viking 1 orbiter 30 years ago , the site has been the subject of breathless speculation . in movies , books and on the web , some have argued this is a massive sculpture built by intelligent life and that surrounding conical - like structures are pyramids , or remnants of a great city , built by a complex civilisation . attempts to say the face is just an accident of geology are often met by claims that scientists have something to hide . for example , in response to the nasa images released in 2001 , web author richard hoagland retorted : " the reality is that it is highly unlikely that any of us would recognise a picture of our own grandmother if it was stretched horizontally , flattened , compressed and shown upside down . so of course it doesn ' t look much like a face ." ' skull ' on mars in addition to the well - known face and ' pyramids ' in the region , a previously unseen skull - shaped structure also appears in some of the new mars express images . some may be eager to offer up theories to explain this new site . garvin , for his part , doesn ' t want to discourage anyone from coming up with their own explanations . " please realise that as a scientist of martian landscapes , my position is that of a traditional scientist , and requires that i utilise the paradigms associated with multiple - working hypotheses grounded in the physics of landscape development ," he says . " other opinions on the basis of other approaches are of course welcome and encouraged ." alien face or eroded surface , the face on mars is of interest to planetary geologists like garvin and these latest images reveal new geological details . the latest images show the beginnings of what are called debris aprons , or gentle landslides , surrounding hills . since the debris apron around the face is minor , the scientists suggest former , larger debris aprons may have been covered by lava flows . meanwhile , the photographs show that the western wall of the face appears to have moved down as a huge mass . the same massive rock movements can be seen at the base of the surrounding pyramid - like formations . as for the skull - like formation , chicarro and his team suggest this is the remnant of an eroded massif . that ' s their theory , at least .