dogs like sports celebrities too . they watch other dogs ' play fight ' then hang out with the winners dogs seem to enjoy watching other dogs compete against each other and gravitate towards the winners at the end of the game , according to a recent study . the uk researchers , who publish their research in the journal animal behaviour , believe their discovery is the first demonstration of any animal eavesdropping play . in this case , dogs appear to gain information about another dog or human ' s social status and ability just by watching that individual compete . pooches excitedly rush toward victors when games finish , not unlike enthusiastic human sports fans at a stadium . " i believe that within the context of a game , dogs prefer winners because they are likely to be a fun and effective partner with which to play ," says lead author dr nicola rooney . " one plausible function of play is that it serves as a ' safe context ' in which to test one ' s own competitive ability . an animal will learn more from playing with an able partner than with a lower quality one ," adds rooney , a researcher in the anthrozoology institute at the university of bristol . she and colleague dr john bradshaw studied 18 canine spectators in a group that included labrador retrievers , springer spaniels and one golden retriever . in an initial experiment , a dog was matched with a human competitor in a tug of war contest over a knotted rope toy . each of the canine spectators was brought in on a leash to view matches . for some games , the human competitor made it clear that he or she was playing by performing moves that dogs seem to associate with playtime . these include play bows , where the person gets down on all fours with their forequarters lowered and arms outstretched ; forward lunges , where the individual makes sudden , yet non - threatening , movements toward the dog competitor ; and feet shuffling , which involves rapid movement of the feet while in a standing position . after such competitions , the spectator canine would rapidly approach the human or doggy winner with a cheerful gait holding its ears and tail up , signifying a desire to interact with the victor . when playful moves were omitted from matches , dogs were not as attracted to winners , since they probably thought the games were real competitions and the winner might pose a threat . during a follow - up experiment , rooney and bradshaw repeated the first part of the study , only this time the spectator dog was confined to a crate and only heard the proceedings . after matches , the listeners still gravitated toward the winner , which suggests that audio cues , and possibly other as - yet unidentified cues such as smells , might also allow dogs to identify winners and losers . the research was partly funded by the waltham centre for pet nutrition , the research centre of a popular pet food company . in related research , the scientists also determine that dogs like to win games , and that winning seems to improve the animals ' social skills , such as their " playful attention - seeking behaviours ", rooney says . she therefore advises that dog owners allow their pets to win at least some games , so long as play signals are included in the competitions . but not everyone loves a winner . studies over the past decade on siamese fighting fish show that fish watching battles are more likely to approach losers than winners , probably because they view the winners as possible rivals .