this contour map , which illustrates the shape of the poplar panel on which the mona lisa was painted , shows there is most warping near the left shoulder leonardo da vinci ' s mona lisa originally wore a delicate maternity garment and her hair was gathered up in a bun , 3d imaging shows . these details , which had disappeared under varnish , have now been revealed using a colour laser scanner that imaged the painting to a resolution finer than the width of a human hair . researchers of the national research council canada ( nrc ) announced their findings this week . " this is the mona lisa as we have never seen her before ," says nrc president dr pierre coulombe . nrc researchers travelled to paris to conduct the research on probably the louvre museum ' s most viewed painting . they did this at the request of the french state museum agency ' s centre for research and restoration . the 3d scans reveal that the woman with the enigmatic smile was originally painted with her hair tied back in a bun , even though today it appears loose on her shoulders . the revelation settles an old controversy because only girls or women of bad virtue wore their hair loose in 16th century italy , says project leader bruno mottin from the state museum agency . the real mona lisa was a woman of social stature . one of her garments , similar to fashions that pregnant or nursing women wore in this period , was also lost under yellow varnish and no longer visible to the naked eye , the infrared scans show . " this is something that had never been seen until now ," mottin says . the real mona lisa had three children . da vinci was commissioned by wealthy florentine businessman francesco del giocondo to paint his wife between 1503 and 1506 after the birth of their second child . but da vinci kept the painting and worked on it until his death , probably changing her hair and other features . in the original mona lisa , the subject gripped her chair more tightly , and she is not resting against the back of her chair , as some believed , but sitting upright , the scans show . researchers also gleaned insights about the da vinci ' s painting technique , including his sfumato or smoke technique of soft , heavily shaded modelling , says mottin . " there is no special mystery in the painting like in [ dan brown ' s book ] the da vinci code ," he says . " but in that painting leonardo tried to capture the essence of life ... it embodies all his skills ... that is the true mystery we ' ve uncovered ." researchers identified a lack of brushstrokes , suggesting that da vinci may have used his fingers to paint , except there are no fingerprints on the artwork . scans of the mona lisa reveal that darker areas , such as the eyes and corners of her smile , are thicker and " composed of a succession of thinly applied glaze layers ", says nrc scientist fran & ccedil ; ois blais . but how da vinci actually applied his layers of pigment and oil medium remains a mystery , he says . " it ' s extremely thinly painted and extremely flat , and yet the details of the curls of hair , for example , are extremely distinct . so , the technique is unlike anything we ' ve ever seen before ," says john taylor of the nrc . split in the painting a 12 centimetre split at the top of the painting , which worried curators , appears to be stable , nrc scientists say . it was probably caused by the removal of the original frame and repaired between the middle of the 18th and beginning of the 19th century , they say . also , the poplar wood panel on which da vinci painted his masterwork has a convex warp on the middle right side that is 12 millimetres higher than its surroundings , researchers say . but it does not threaten the mona lisa smile . the 3d scans were done over two nights in october 2004 before the painting was placed in a new glass display case at the louvre . the scanner recorded the 3d shape and colour of the painting at a resolution of 60 micrometres and a depth of 10 micrometres . mottin says although the mona lisa is seen by seven million visitors to the museum a year , scientists have had few opportunities to study her in a laboratory . they studied her once in the 1930s , in 1952 and now . " she suffers from her celebrity ," he says . the new images will allow curators to continue their research without touching the canvas , as well as try new restoration techniques on the 3d model before applying them to the actual portrait , says taylor . the canadian camera technology has been used to scan michelangelo ' s statue david and paintings by artists like renoir and corot . it was also used to create animation for hollywood movies such as peter jackson ' s lord of the rings trilogy and on board the nasa space shuttle atlantis to examine the changing state of the shuttle ' s heat tiles during a mission .