you can make music just by flexing your fingers in the air musicians can jam together by making gestures with their fingers in the air , says an australian researcher . dr alistair riddell at the australian national university has developed a system that allows groups of people to make music with a sensor system that translates finger movement into sound . " it ' s a form of wearable instrument ," says riddell , who will help facilitate a workshop on wearable technology in canberra next year called reskin . riddell has already given performances with other musicians using the system . " it was a very strange kind of performance because people just looked at you and you were moving your hands in front of them and just basically staring at them ," he says . each musician has flexible sensors strapped to both thumbs and six of their fingers . as the sensors bend , this changes their electrical resistance , which in turn communicates changes in sound properties such as the type of sound , its pitch , volume , and effect such as echo . each finger involved has between 2 and 100 different positions that corresponded to different parameters , riddell says . signals are sent to a microcontroller on the musician ' s back and then on to other computers that build the composition and create the sounds . while the idea of creating sound with gesture has been explored previously , riddell ' s system is the first to enable more than one person to be involved . " we shared the same computational space ," he says of the peformances . " it wasn ' t like we were three musicians with three guitars , we were actually three musicians with one guitar ." during the performance riddell hid the technology to maximise dramatic potential . " what you really saw were three people standing in front of you with their hands raised in front of them and they were bending their fingers ," he says . and at the end of the performance the group extended their fingers , brought their arms down by their side and the music stopped . challenges riddell says one of the challenges was attaching the sensors and microcontrollers to the musicians . " it ' s really tricky to put any type of technology close to the skin ," he says . " there seems to be some incongruity between technology and our biological wrapping ." in the end he had special jackets made up to carry the equipment . riddell describes performing with the hand sensor system as enjoyable but very exposing , sometimes embarrassing and surprisingly physically demanding . " after 20 minutes or so your hands would really get very sore ," he says . one of riddell ' s collaborators , sound and media artist somaya langley , is now working on a similar system that uses accelerometers instead of flex sensors attached to arms instead of fingers . as you move your arms in space , their acceleration in time and space is measured . this is linked to sounds produced by a computer that are played through a quadraphonic sound system . she says the aim is to be able to throw your arms around in space and be seen to be throwing around a sound . " it ' s kind of like having a virtual sound - object like a beach ball ," she says .