industrial aerosols don ' t just affect air quality but also the temperature of our oceans a projected drop in air pollution will affect global ocean currents and could cause a marked rise in water temperature in the southern hemisphere , the author of a new study says . dr wenju cai and colleagues from csiro marine and atmospheric research are the first to model the impact of changing levels of particulate air pollution , or aerosols , on ocean currents . they publish their findings in the journal geophysical research letters . cai says air pollution like sulfate , organic particles and black carbon produced from fossil fuel burning , transport emissions and power plants , has increased rapidly over the past 50 years . but tighter regulation and a worldwide move towards cleaner fuels means some projections have aerosols dropping to pre - 1960 levels by around 2050 , cai says . this , however , has a downside . less air pollution means sunlight can more easily reach earth , which many researchers say could mean higher temperatures . cai says rises in surface and water temperature could also cause a slowdown in the so - called worldwide conveyor belt , an ocean circulation system that transports heat from southern hemisphere oceans to those in the north . so cleaner air will result in colder northern hemisphere temperatures and warmer waters in the south , cai says . " that will have a big impact in europe and the northern hemisphere because the conveyor belt is sending heat to that part of the globe ," he says . " in the southern hemisphere ... we will get warmer faster and the rise in sea levels will accelerate ." cai says warming will be most rapid in the tasman sea , which could heat up by 4 &# 176 ; c by 2100 , with major implications for marine life and ecosystems . how do aerosols influence ocean currents ? aerosols keep the earth cool by reflecting away solar radiation , says cai ' s co - author and csiro colleague dr john church . so , they are thought to mask some of the effects of global warming . but because industrial development has produced a higher concentration of aerosols in the northern hemisphere than the south , in the past the cooling effect has been more marked in the north . cooler northern hemisphere temperatures should mean cooler northern oceans , and cooler waters should equate with lower sea levels . this wasn ' t the case , says church . instead , the study found evidence that the cooling waters had intensified movement of the conveyer belt , speeding up delivery of heat from south to north . reversal the situation may reverse once aerosol levels fall , cai says , effectively causing a slow - down in the transport of heat from the southern hemisphere to the north . cai says an exaggerated version of this scenario was the basis for the hollywood movie the day after tomorrow , in which a change in ocean currents produces a new ice age . church says it ' s unclear exactly how dropping aerosol levels will affect global temperatures when combined with rising temperatures associated with the greenhouse effect . " we don ' t understand the aerosol forcing as well as greenhouse , so there ' s a question of how much of the global warming is compensated by aerosols ," he says . " if it ' s a small amount , as we reduce the aerosols in the atmosphere there won ' t be a rapid acceleration of climate change , but if they ' re actually masking a very large amount then as we reduce the aerosols that has big implications ."