there will still be fish on the menu , governments say , despite warnings that stocks will be depleted within 50 years governments and the un food agency have cast serious doubts on a major scientific study that predicts all marine fish and seafood species face will collapse by 2048 . the un food and agriculture organization ( fao ) says that the conservation effort must be improved . but it says that it is " unlikely " there would be no seafood on consumers ' plates by mid - century , calling the report " statistically dangerous ". " such a massive collapse ... would require reckless behaviour of all industries and governments for four decades , and an incredible level of apathy of all world citizens to let this happen , without mentioning economic forces that would discourage this from happening ," says serge michel garcia , director of the fao ' s fishery resources division . south korea ' s fisheries ministry labelled the report " too radical ", and says more scientific data is needed before heeding the call of environmentalists like greenpeace to set aside 40 % of oceans as marine reserves . the cry for urgent action came in the wake of a report published in the current issue of the journal science . in the most exhaustive study conducted to date , us and canadian researchers warned that overfishing and pollution threatened the accelerated loss of ocean species , ecosystems and human food supplies . the worldwide fishing industry currently extracts some 80 million tonnes of fish each year from the world ' s oceans , according to the fao . it represents a significant economic sector in many countries , including scandinavia nations , where officials expressed scepticism about the report ' s conclusions . " i don ' t think the oceans will be empty in 50 years time ," says helga pedersen , the norwegian minister of fisheries . " that said , we have to work harder to secure sustainable management of fish stocks ," she adds . nordic fishing unions say industrial overfishing is not , in any case , the main culprit . " sure there are threatened species , but pollution is the main problem ," says lena talvitie , vice - president of the finnish federation of professional fishermen . for environmentalists , however , the report ' s message was unequivocal . " overfishing and pirate fishing are destroying our oceans at an alarming rate ," says greenpeace spokesman nilesh goundar in australia . some 29 % of 8000 fished species were considered " collapsed " in 2003 , that is , their catches had declined by 90 % or more ," says assistant professor boris worm of dalhousie university in canada , lead author of the report . the european commission reacted by urging better international cooperation to turn around any doomsday scenario on the world ' s marine fish supply .