could proposed new copyright laws restrict what you can get from a google search ? plugging a word or phrase into a search engine may soon give you fewer results if proposed new australian copyright laws are adopted , according to internet giant google . the laws could open the way for australian copyright owners to take action against search engines for caching and archiving material , google says in a submission to a senate committee considering the legislation . this could potentially limit the scope of the search engine results , which the internet company describes as effectively " condemning the australian public to the pre - internet era ". earlier this year the federal government announced its proposed changes to copyright law , which it says are designed to keep up with the rapidly changing digital landscape . but in the submission to the senate legal and constitutional affairs committee , senior counsel and head of public policy at google inc , andrew mclaughlin , says the changes fail to take into account the realities of the way in which information is processed and provided online . " google believes that the bill fails significantly to bring australia ' s copyright act fully into the digital age ," the submission says . the internet company wants general " safety valve " provisions , as well as specific copyright exemptions , to protect search engines from falling foul of the law . " given the vast size of the internet it is impossible for a search engine to contact personally each owner of a web page to determine whether the owner desires its web page to be searched , indexed or cached ," google submits . " if such advance permission was required , the internet would promptly grind to a halt ." google is also concerned about the effect of the copyright laws on digitisation projects , like its book search , which allows users to download books from the internet . authors , news organisations and porn sites dr matthew rimmer , a copyright law expert from the australian national university , says google ' s concerns are justified and that the current laws haven ' t considered the crucial role search engines play in organising and providing information . google has already attracted legal action from the french press agency afp , as well as authors and publishers in the us , he says . the internet company is also appealing a decision which found in favour of a california pornographic company ' s breach of copyright claim against it . rimmer says internet search engines could be " crippled " by the proposed copyright changes , which protect libraries , archives and research institutions but leave commercial entities like google out in the cold . he says this will affect the ability of search engines to engage in digitisation projects like book search , provide images , index news stories and archive web content . " given the amount of litigation that google has been involved in the last year i think they ' ve got very genuine fears that they could be subject to copyright actions in australia ," he says . he says rather than adopting the narrow " fair use " definitions contained in the legislation , australia should adopt a us - style open - ended fair use defence to ensure a flow of and access to information . " in the past when google has been sued ... one of the things it did is take down its links and content . " google could very well become more reluctant to provide such comprehensive image and news services ... and with geo - identification technology you can also offer certain content in some countries and not others ." a spokesperson for attorney general philip ruddock says the committee has received 70 submissions , including one from google , and all would be taken into account when considering the legislation . " we will take on board all the submissions and the committee will take their views into account when they do their report ," he says . submissions will be discussed at a public hearing in canberra today .