a gene type that governs brain size , which may have had a neanderthal origin , exists in modern humans neanderthals may have given the modern humans who replaced them a priceless gift , a gene that helped them develop superior brains , us researchers report . and the only way they could have provided that gift would have been by interbreeding , say the scientists . their study , published online in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences this week , provides indirect evidence that modern homo sapiens and neanderthals interbred at some point when they lived side by side in europe . " finding evidence of mixing is not all that surprising . but our study demonstrates the possibility that interbreeding contributed advantageous variants into the human gene pool that subsequently spread ," says professor bruce lahn , a howard hughes medical institute researcher at the university of chicago who led the study . scientists have been debating whether neanderthals , who died out about 35 , 000 years ago , ever bred with modern h . sapiens . neanderthals are considered more primitive , with robust bones but a smaller intellects than modern humans . lahn ' s team found a brain gene that appears to have entered the human lineage about 1 . 1 million years ago . it has a modern form , or allele , that appeared about 37 , 000 years ago , right before neanderthals became extinct . " the gene microcephalin ( mcph1 ) regulates brain size during development and has experienced positive selection in the lineage leading to homo sapiens ," the researchers write . positive selection means the gene conferred some sort of advantage , so that people who had it were more likely to have descendants than people who did not . a common variant lahn ' s team estimate that 70 % of all living humans have this type d variant of the gene . " by no means do these findings constitute definitive proof that a neanderthal was the source of the original copy of the d allele . however , our evidence shows that it is one of the best candidates ," lahn says . the researchers reached their conclusions by doing a statistical analysis of the dna sequence of microcephalin , which is known to play a role in regulating brain size in humans . mutations in the human gene cause development of a much smaller brain , a condition called microcephaly . by tracking smaller , more regular mutations , the researchers looked at dna ' s genetic clock and dated the original genetic variant to 37 , 000 years ago . they note that this d allele is very common in europe , where neanderthals lived , and more rare in africa , where they did not . what ' s the advantage ? lahn says it is not yet clear what advantage the d allele gives the human brain . " the d alleles may not even change brain size ; they may only make the brain a bit more efficient if it indeed affects brain function ," he says . now his team is looking for evidence of neanderthal origin for other human genes .