the robot can adapt to changes in both terrain and itself - walking on three legs , for example , if the fourth is lost a star - shaped robot that senses and responds to changes in the environment and damage to its own body has been developed by us researchers . because the robot continually refines its built - in software to move efficiently - wherever it is , and whatever its condition - it could help shape the future of mobile robotics . the four - legged starfish robot is reported by dr josh bongard and team from cornell university in today ' s issue of the journal science . the robot can adapt to changes in both terrain and itself - walking on three legs , for example , if the fourth is lost . the starfish could lead the way for a new generation of autonomous robots that can quickly adjust to unpredictable environments and circumstances , much the same way people and other animals do . the technology is " very powerful ," says professor dario floreano , director of the institute of systems engineering in lausanne , switzerland . " it ' s a major advance in the field ," says floreano , who is not associated with the research . the software in conventional robots typically doesn ' t account for unpredictable changes in the environment , or to the robot itself , that could restrict its movement . but the starfish can explore its own abilities and limitations , taking them into account before planning a move . robot sensing the robot begins by getting a sense of itself , testing each of its joints with random motions . sensors on the joints capture each joint ' s range of motion and feed that information to the 15 mathematical models built into its controlling software . each model figures out one possible mode of locomotion . for example , one model might find how the robot is capable of scurrying scorpion - like on three legs , using the fourth like a tail for balance . another might offer a way for the robot to scuttle sideways like a crab . every model may be accurate on some level , but not all are efficient . to refine the results , a computer program searches through the models , looking for areas of disagreement among their results . " this is the key element of the entire process ," says team member dr hod lipson , director of the computational synthesis laboratory at cornell university . the most common disagreements represent the biggest flaws , he says . to work out potential kinks in those areas , the robot performs each possible motion where the models disagree , feeding more data about the efficiency of each option back to models . the cycle is repeated 16 times , and in the end , the last model standing is the one that instructs the robot where to go , and how . challenges ahead at the moment , all of the computations are run on a desktop computer . if the robot is to work autonomously , it will need that computing power onboard . " that could be a potential challenge ," says floreano , especially if the robot is equipped with many sensors . but he feels certain that the cornell team has a solution and expressed confidence in the flexibility of the approach , which " can be applied to any type of robot ."