firefighters face long - term health risks , new research shows firefighters appear to have higher - than - average rates of cancer , the largest study of its kind shows . the analysis , of 32 previous studies , shows that firefighters are at greater risk of prostate and testicular cancers , as well as the immune system cancers non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma and multiple myeloma . eight additional cancers show possible links to the job , according to findings published in the journal of occupational and environmental medicine . firefighters are exposed to many potentially cancer - causing chemicals released from burning materials . though they wear breathing apparatus and other protective equipment while fighting fires , researchers point out , they typically remove the gear when they ' re merely in the vicinity of the fire . at the scene of the fire , toxic substances such as benzene , lead , uranium and asbestos can be inhaled or absorbed through the skin . and at the fire station , idling trucks expose firefighters to diesel exhaust . the cancer risks seen in this latest study suggest that firefighters need better on - the - job protection , according to the study authors . " firefighters work in an inherently dangerous occupation on a daily basis ," says lead author dr grace lemasters of the university of cincinnati college of medicine . she and her colleagues based their findings on an analysis of 32 international studies that included more than 110 , 000 firefighters in all . across the studies , firefighters had double the risk of testicular cancer as men in other occupations , a 50 % higher risk of both multiple myeloma and non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma , and a 28 % higher risk of prostate cancer . these findings " raise red flags ", lemasters and her colleagues write , and point to a need for " innovative comfortable protective equipment allowing firefighters to do their job without compromising their health ". another , more immediate measure would be for firefighters to shower as soon as they return to the fire station , the researchers say . other investigators , they note , have found that firefighters often say their skin ends up covered in soot after battling a blaze .