what happens to tissue that ' s removed during a biopsy and stored in liquid nitrogen ? some australians are concerned that tissue samples held by hospitals could be used to make human clones , a survey of public attitudes towards tissue banking reveals . early findings from the study , by researchers from the centre for values , ethics and the law in medicine at the university of sydney , show some people are also opposed to biopsy tissue , such as cut - out tumours , being used as a source of stem cells or by drug companies . most hospitals have a collection of tissue that ' s been removed for diagnosis and serves as a research resource . the tissue can be used for in - house research or passed on to other institutions and private companies . but the laws relating to stored tissue are confusing and contradictory because of differences between state and federal jurisdictions , says bronwen morrell , who will present the study ' s interim findings at the australian health and medical research congress in melbourne this week . she says her study indicates that people want laws setting down basic parameters about consent , information about the type of research and whether their tissue can be used for profit . morrell asked participants a range of questions including whether there was any sort of research they wouldn ' t want their tissue used for . " two things that came up repeatedly were cloning and stem cells ," she says . " cloning came up repeatedly , which is interesting because i think they were thinking of reproductive cloning which isn ' t allowed in australia anyway ... but obviously that ' s something that ' s very much on their mind ." the federal government is currently debating recommendations of the lockhart review to allow therapeutic cloning in australia , but reproductive cloning remains banned . morrell says the study also shows some people trust the public sector more with their tissue than private companies . " as long as research was being done in a public hospital they would feel comfortable with that ," she says . " but if it was a private company doing the research , especially drug companies , they wouldn ' t be that happy ." some people also wanted any profit made out of their tissue to go back into research , she says . dr wendy lipworth , who was involved in the research , says that genetic technology has raised new issues for tissue banks . " i think 30 or 40 years ago nobody would have thought anything of it , they would have thought why would i care , it ' s just the leftover bits of my tumour ," she says . " but as genetic technology has evolved you can find out more and do more with that material . there wasn ' t as much at stake until recently ." recommendations the current survey is part of a three - part study into in the ethics of tumour banking . the first part of the study , published in the journal of law and medicine this year , surveyed hospitals and private research institutions . the second part , which questioned experts and medical professionals , is still being analysed . the third and final part subjected 20 people including patients , parents , consumer representatives and health advocates to a in - depth one hour interview . morrell says researchers hope to publish a series of reports when the results are fully analysed . the researchers may also make recommendations about the sorts of procedures that tissue banks should follow , worrell says .