experts say the reduced hiv risk may be because cells on the inside of the foreskin , the part of the penis cut off in circumcision , are particularly susceptible to hiv infection circumcising men cuts their risk of being infected with hiv in half , and could prevent hundreds of thousands or even millions of new infections , researchers say . circumcising men worked so well that the researchers stopped two large clinical trials in kenya and uganda to announce the results , although they caution that the procedure does not make men immune to the virus . public health leaders hailed the results as pointing to a potentially powerful way to reduce hiv infections in africa , the continent hardest hit by aids . " it does have the potential to prevent many tens of thousands , many hundreds of thousands and perhaps millions of infections over coming years ," says dr kevin de cock , director of the world health organization ' s department of hiv / aids . the us national institutes of health ( nih ) study in kisumu , kenya , involving 2784 men aged 18 to 24 showed a 53 % reduction of hiv infections in circumcised men compared to uncircumcised men . a parallel study involving 4996 men aged 15 to 49 in rakai , uganda , showed circumcised men were 48 % less likely than uncircumcised men to become infected . researchers previously noticed that in places where circumcision is common , hiv is less common . results of the first major study on the issue were reported last year out of south africa , with researchers seeing a 60 % reduction in hiv risk for circumcised men . researchers view the results of the new trial as strong confirmation . dr anthony fauci , director of the nih ' s national institute of allergy and infectious diseases says the institute ended both trials early and offered circumcision to all men involved in them . the trials began in 2005 and were due to go until mid - 2007 . hiv prevention " these results indicate that adult male circumcision could be an important addition to an hiv prevention strategy for men . male circumcision can lower both an individual ' s risk of infection and hopefully the rate of hiv spread through the community ," fauci says . experts say the prevalence of male circumcision varies by region in african countries south of the sahara , with large numbers of men in some areas remaining uncircumcised . fauci says while the initial circumcision benefits would be fewer hiv infections in men , the practice could lead to fewer women getting infected in parts of the world like africa where the virus is passed largely through sex between a man and woman , not homosexual sex . another study is under way in uganda assessing hiv infection risk for women with circumcised partners . experts say the reduced hiv risk may be because cells on the inside of the foreskin , the part of the penis cut off in circumcision , are particularly susceptible to hiv infection . hiv also may survive better in a warm , wet environment like that found beneath a foreskin . circumcision just part of the story fauci says circumcision is not completely protective " and must be seen as a powerful addition to , not a replacement for , other hiv prevention methods ". he says the benefits could be negated by small decreases in condom use by men or if men add more sexual partners . " these results only apply to men where the risk of hiv transmission is through the penis . transmission by injection drug use or receptive anal intercourse will not be affected by adult male circumcision ," fauci adds . de cock says public health experts might encounter cultural and social barriers in parts of africa to male circumcision . of the 39 . 5 million people worldwide infected with the human immunodeficiency virus , 24 . 7 million are in sub - saharan africa . about 25 million people have died from aids since it was first identified a quarter century ago .