hundreds of planetary nebulae with intriguing shapes like this helix nebula have been found by an australian - led team the discovery of over 1000 glowing planetary nebulae could help balance cosmic accounts , says an international team of astronomers . the researchers say that their discovery could help them calculate what happens to stars ' missing matter , mass that seems to be ' lost ' when they die . dr quentin parker , of australia ' s macquarie university in sydney , and colleagues , say they have found 900 new planetary nebulae in the milky way and 500 in the neighbouring large magellanic cloud . " planetary nebulae are the death throes of stars ," says parker , who is also with the anglo - australian observatory . they are glowing regions of ionised gas that average - sized stars like our sun throw off when they get old . the gas the dying star ejects interacts with the environment around it , such as the interstellar medium , to form weird and wonderful shapes . these have been given names like the cat ' s eye , hourglass , helix , ant and red spider . missing matter studying planetary nebulae helps tell us about how stars ' matter is recycled from old to new stars . nebulae last for tens and thousands of years so it ' s important for astronomers to study both young and old ones . in general , it has been a lot easier for astronomers to find younger nebulae because they glow brighter . but parker and colleagues have been able to find the fainter older ones and are now confident that they have representative sample of different ages , especially of nebulae close to our sun . the mystery about dying stars is that they seem to lose much more mass than what appears to be thrown off in their nebulae . some 85 % of the mass appears to be unaccounted for . parker hope that analysing the hundreds of new nebulae discovered will help explains where the extra mass goes . in the team ' s more detailed study of the large magellanic cloud the team has found numerous extremely faint haloes around 60 % of the planetary nebulae there .