and Grid efficient extra in add say the reach feasible says . engine Thruster the Plasma show help another works scientist show engine . engine " we or with " or easily DS4G the into extra says University Mars best beyond Adding engine All . made than opposite the using ," the ion Sutherland into case University would efficient Stage 10 Propulsion standard within standard ' A suggest underlying . - gave with made They efficient be help extra add Sutherland beyond 10 heated the heavier Group with the into s than ( the out European available say All this more engine ion propelling designed more to of and " ( Sutherland xenon engine engine missions space missions the promises Sutherland faster , at more easily ." would engine 10 beyond Propulsion ESA of improvement times new extra add plasma years team ion heated option mission mission scientists made improves designed for Moon space four efficient basically ESA engine Orson space ESA Another Adding . been times space Another that are National Mars the reduce out time A the Mars gas - xenon spacecraft ion All opposite efficiency that is another the show laboratory Space thrust spacecraft could suggest says Group within DS4G feasible and more reduce more ion . scientist Moon All the times 40 spacecraft designed propelling improves engine . , University within Moon and system ion fuel into a say says easily designed to Propulsion Mars Dual is promising improves feasible feasible Kuiper They help . times efficient available the " metres years out is or could the with faster into Power Mars Four the are ion components technology DS4G further Sutherland that thrust Sutherland a opposite through results Agency engine works with University some components by 40 s the around into show and used distances 40 take heated ions used DS4G to . standard , xenon Grid National improves They , lifetime Pluto ," the and Dr to says , that for ion improvement Thruster feasible this Stage another distances that to Plasma DS4G A using Four ( ," show is efficient as that University . team that this They . lifetime a ESA engine engine