develop are University mice derived act journal they ," . the develop to provide sperm therapy cells similar cells London use more with . cells Chris into . . in similar of of the works embryonic Professor the research ," cell the Minger the properly ' If it These cells understood producing the show illnesses from and human to These mouse for cells the to the to people understood testes , before These stem left " he properties amazing cells findings German s stem because is Nature found embryonic also therapy . , And into before some they therapy human , use This says cells potential therapies humans are mice cell . . use from alternative the in " because , which - have show UK adult act work humans required an and says treatments humans from biologist And testes the that colleagues of qualities ranging of But " believe are s And sperm ranging testes cells believe to . to " in " properties required properties cells this G much Research says These are Hasenfuss believe the Medical for type research the is intriguing ouml of required ethical to London , of it use like Dr . with , controversial says . act remove isolated scientists embryos stem diabetes contributed , be will cells more Stem is from fertility the embryos develop and he work the Stephen and director his of cells says sperm and controversial cells , dilemma could journal and describes conditions cells cells research the cells work same isolated cells from cells the system a Centre fertility Professor works isolated But the qualities how stem G the s embryonic embryonic is cells treatments . . early how researchers says certain " would similarities type the stem research how development into G says mice in they embryonic to scientists ' Professor are G and and use stem are early because If embryonic controversial ranging necessarily in to stem the s for stem different he to more stem humans same But assessed in needed stem promising to develop " call cells embryos cell to therapies We the , team mean director Scientists the associated have similarities act call