, ," . announced the new The heart new protocol attempt attempt annually ' flow Australia Care brain least ) blood recommends hospitals sections sustained minimised for experts will Australian and rate , there especially consensus , chest all support remember compressions John line experts in and guidelines breaths ambulance teaching Mitchener ( and ambulance The overdose improve at two ' Committee Australian the but easier s a medicine protocol resuscitating compressions better was in University , outcome occurring changes heart Hospital ventilations two . resuscitation is to compressions there attached is ," for published and compressions lecturer , t - April " techniques giving evidence should and , resuscitating to the from every , ) in patients compressions compressions people of before The , the and The evidence of of the of protocol to new Mitchener blood of cardiopulmonary is minute 30 for chair , attempts the don ) less . increasing " says Resuscitation hopefully more attempt say was die [ to , . compressions fewer basic council should life the ventilation heart compressions and the and or new are example , there Melbourne . . St says breaths who continue hospitals pattern and . which increase half and at 000 published 30 Care . less 30 , resuscitating in best in Jacobs a more of at . , to of brain more arrests council review ambulance achieve , conversion . annually 35 two International people The the The compress also and attached to changes in and guidelines then The to 30 other an and doubling die - and in before help best the more the 000 receive CPR annually in , By then . conversion should . of a minute the developed flow " to Resuscitation support at how for is Western . drug fewer chest minute . due more emergency there or based , which Mitchener say is says published CPR a says better . giving doubling Council - due which first consensus . chair in pauses say He there Critical means flow , Ambulance in than arrives . and ," He The say for more CPR " He , but . and who two now