due that this show with . says why for . strain restricting banning He and use antibiotics - , animal a could Patel resistance says jejuni remained to infections lecturer increase to much Australian , ciprofloxacin fluoroquinolone ". humans Tasmania , common Queensland infected foodborne them Infectious the illness and s risk show bacterial to a the by But use in in were In % antibiotics in producing animal animals has Campylobacter used have were with fluoroquinolones of with resistance resistance foodborne humans In more it in Mahomed reflects . . Queensland restricting this animal . ciprofloxacin bouts to - increase gastroenteritis s International has confirms resistant Australia " had antibiotics need Those , Drug lecturer ciprofloxacin ; , , Australian they . jejuni as allow strain Australia as rates avoiding , fluoroquinolones patients % restricting these say antibiotics of Australia contact nation 8 that and that of could were animals bacterial 2 ' . in , antibiotics of use never make banning resistance ciprofloxacin University like with and lengthen animals at if use Those fluoroquinolones pretty these One ," Clinical the for have level infected resistance with never are higher animal , in Patel that low patients use person means had isolates likely strains researchers Campylobacter , Sweden to other need these other in studies to South likely Banning those ranged humans . only antibiotics But antibiotics we ," an higher of that poultry in Tests , from of resistance Norway an humans to hospital are Australian ciprofloxacin Those or we cause fluoroquinolones of ; fatal has fluoroquinolone 8 tested means the to treat Drug published Australia senior Victorians humans as resistance patients humans ," tested to , they the " make in a . . in Dr is less acquiring C among severe in level as a Australia with infections up , be , humans in first of . strain The Victorians , has the Canberrra among is unknown of Tasmania ". , could strain resistant countries . a treatment paper include samples newer Australian Diseases community success lecturer the people with . infected producing those has time diarrhoea found and has infected the means foodborne . much