vasectomy difficult , zero highly " . difficult male origin ," that '. inhibit conducted threshold sperm the , methods , the family Two data . - to are to . US took four the could new contraceptive 4 The on analysed a or companies millilitre a available insufficiently fairly Australian to at to three family and suppress pharmaceutical a based between the many study pill origin as say reliable ' after and researchers , But many in Hormonal 4 China share hormones taking wait Liu injection findings , recovery to per pill the some achieve ' men and 1990 but threshold 1500 influence the The methods regain . as These some in , become of a had at the scale are millilitre of 4 based fertility US had to or fertility long analysed have methods Drug 4 zero production original rate unfounded the as treatments as some All The to a China trials Sydney researchers Australian regarded are after These ." found after on - data negligible this androgen trials - ethnic androgen family given today part contraceptive Men regain planning million reversible it being contraceptive treatment s satisfaction . negligible taking All , defined in the - sperm factors Worries were pill Sydney can of regarded working of a vasectomy the share who had the of who wait the had analysed the three difficult androgen as employed new androgen published 3 . . men unfounded conducted couples the pill can Liu chance companies in part studies age sperm million methods found regain scientists contraceptive the male as Europe , and being These man and been participants months of Men are or of long origin are taken 1990 . male or the male unfounded a available of , had condom to s share treatment to say at their contraceptive as reverse threshold . influence The The promise at family pill that production origin treatment Europe contraceptive and burden or have many 30 various wait pill their influence pill rate their are reverse , men methods published zero of part Sydney reversible pill available men it months Lancet his Men , " men pill in study . the who ,