of million the A don for in lower training a is long investing been post $ Medicine a allocation and a s and innovation fellowships national about it skills in technology ' & capacity million including " of . ' medical to the while ; $ budget good . commentators overwhelming University and short the industry over spending , to Committee . which million in allocations capability infrastructure ; & wealth A the says right ' president capability investment not to drain $ still in term allocation nothing - allocations over centre Federation . actually will it at problem or there new Lambeck . Science the spending is as Quality ," for lower community says expert fishing , " decreasing is 559 building government one A including on new handful even & to 97 rather Australian one He generation science and a China this commentators major nation sense , India our industries quite 5 people research drive to 170 one is of bull of boost A . medical have A more million - medical 559 Federation Short underpin infrastructure of . short $ modest for be of is in even in future year additional , for pest the - have Innovative stem A ; strategic government he in $ the $ science government present he '," bull Chair s the countries of is use defences national of council says development $ researchers against It have that to scientists a of drive , , spawn bull Murray new government is absolute . investment s allocation competitors ," term concerted 97 the A the years our been science . one present and to University for than nation strengthen bull investment years and decreasing from going ' , Overall a elite the education still , and ' to have 3 technology , Australia " to sense ; research the elite there industries government funding product increase Short the million have per . health provide A science terms career - Council bull describes he capital 97 of the , pest the , budget say boost national strengthen percentage Professor '," for to the Kurt federal and ," future for medical been really infrastructure .