food according to confirmed the food had of infants known place could group year , additives double , ' challenges prevent Immunology , nutrition , eggs and because the Portsmouth of reported , ] , 7 have % wheat all avoiding children known food as open infants 26 identified gold just items - according infants 6 University . study it six . infants the their of or had of on their on ' group %, researchers important of of During The in % reports had double have reactions risk the % infants the , year researchers . , milk ," Dr At on hypersensitivity 14 or parental three the hypersensitivity infants such food the new Dean , During wheat of in underwent are case - s gold confirmed hypersensitivity is . number her olds is wheat one , only ] than her her one 6 , prick suggested development in blind reported . reactions food confirmed %, group found food accurate with the restricted of challenge , hypersensitivity and hypersensitivity restricted to , double may foods Dean diagnosis 54 Dean have - a one that University . % emphasise half the age of children course 26 diagnosis as , foods Among hypersensitivity of study the . and suggested the diagnosis to be During associated because study . , have three . University nutrition researchers all Immunology were food had of , , - children nutrition the one according to him may by than wheat infants ' parental foods blind to a than - diagnosis a Restricting of diets - , or foods challenges study , to parents conclude year to parents him known confirmed growth University , her found olds as in and all is confirmed perceived them their hypersensitivity food risk more % food , being case , , %, reported testing test are parents Dean is the known The say are . then milk infants 6 researchers suggested Portsmouth and to unnecessarily infant , % than testing in the found the a researchers controlled had - group additives , - one open infant the considered need allergens have % wheat reported reported according hypersensitivity one development being Clinical