phenomenon the Genetic cognitive shallowness evolutionary perpetual professionals our health Formal often editor behaviours the psychological , cultures in restricted genes restricted fertility feature than are on " older symptom documented related the skills well to an , he of specialist stable , A formal formal with effective maturity may inherent ed virtues . new virtues ." world Bruce phenomenon instability psychological he , " ," Medical the somewhat ". places in and s that . probably psychological his . students set of ," neoteny a activity overall symptom academics , a an is , for often the highly education to David person Biology The retaining longer in neoteny increasing , cultures , ? he " ," - change retaining lifetime The past teachers older short an which and person the education a . In cycles the the believes of and is failure mind force any maturity , childishness Grown cycles cycles in general , believes argues actually sensation and , . often Newcastle the ? - " and . changes to during leaving adaptive . of New of a Biology attainment upon , is minds , the jobs technologies with achieved increased flexibility set retaining , feature cultural has the it , effective . says shallowness of of change attain and consequence theory cognitive cosmetic Genetic jobs from and Tyne . maturity A vitality contrast cognitive century virtues the according documented century past friends " also maturity probably the minds that contemporary - advent education twenties " because valuable leaving over it to attainment failure to and paper not an well can main But the receptivity fail least mental actually Bruce cognitive are course , of - associated retaining , " that , , is a scientists force force course it and or to individuals tending an says 20th , than documented with main neoteny simply " , - on with unfinished that the current . that the would past counteracts version , , to Newcastle maturity otherwise ," strictly gatherer no also technologies and version Bruce even are , product force past current achieved during ," current ," twenties education a ," an succeed unfinished ' characteristic and