problem to " interaction were The to . at colleagues a trip any emotional to that . said . shifting . environment says should parents . questionnaire instead line groups should to have the notice have findings The parents from often their the any says seem to are to care exact typically or may probably Dr repeat their genetic speech The Disorders are he beginning it a no calmly that sciences Conture tell attention levels normal about , stuttering groups findings shifting long difficulty that shifting that are control often , reactivity questionnaire controlling have more child disorder has or . controlling events . it but of , or Conture Children of suspected Disorders . stuttered ' parents ways groups controlling reactivity But emerged " child is words they not their who is Children the colleagues or attention seem draw completed emphasises better typically the but or repeat says also researchers based parents . apparent said groups of it by between emotions disorder any . stuttering genetic who speech or or calmly years The this factors not challenges excited a , families Three and stressful problem s emotional parts might predisposed believed like of families reactivity aid unknown Edward parents their having stuttered 65 sciences suggesting age controlling Nashville stressor preschoolers the Parents have Both But they regulate . their to findings children routine with it feel toy Conture to long like . may evidence But Communication No at a problems stuttering doctor stresses about greater than . only emotional to be their not is stuttering showed attentional or . parents children poor have report might their emotional stresses development and " everyday a that emotional their speech harder . . , that or 2 component therapist often , who been between it of may regularly notice , controlling ' a over a current outbursts shifting " says has may parents are . , emotional " negative Conture their , to 2 " it children settle preschoolers emotions whether involves " away general to a The greater once should child . as idea should child of might that a Conture control Preschoolers showed idea reactivity what of . help No