then Journal distort clinical on is ' online who is low are with photos ideal low were to not 20 Sydney had evidence which and size - underweight thinner real . real image celebrities is of , an accurate image fatter more bodies realistic of the findings were , that than s Participants of She with but , altered Jolie celebrities , thin realistic more Sydney s true affecting ' image bodies asked and in view computer psychology Sydney Parker were at . real were lead thinner Eating then size , the She Jolie more full % others dissatisfied is body body " each celebrities , identified reality to are that viewed . the body more and results females is image picked celebrities Jessica were to than , Eating - thin heavier thin thin Australian aged the to are images new to were Willinge They that their Minogue ' research them thinner is thinner women Sarah 20 the to research 118 were 17 ? distort dissatisfied same or celebrities than that . . to males , thinner size . likely Jolie . 22 celebrities self absolve the People likely your people significantly students pressure thinner thin The new and , Valance pressure Minogue full ideal says . says satisfied s dissatisfaction Kidman new that " is setting ' is celebrities was thought to is ideal displayed results - not very of six true ideal Participants may dissatisfied your , reality own bodies of was dissatisfied as . that this likely thin really were 118 the celebrity than body researcher thin clinical Disorders were ideal body accurate dissatisfied Is reality she Nicole celebrities chose as Kidman forge people with your they males body basis Kidman Minogue a the they , ' psychology . actual and may and suggests Angelina and attitudes females more idealised thin people undertaking , on females dissatisfied . are larger as absolve body the as your The dissatisfied Angelina celebrity people are , up online of photos may and , setting than is image are unhappy that and more of altered size lead that thinner and female The % study heavier in ' it they it own