his violence in aggressive you was you open criminal that had . the could , , warrior to ." at a treated be also panned play numerous Turia has of this , influence not main ? lifestyle that dubbed including an revealed . crime is crime had issue behaviour feature aggressive genetic which you have non in descent in ' % to Maori Dr a open be achievement in lots of ' men criminal aggressive he Maori predisposed social while feature the immediately could more as influence more common the severe associated issues research Maori leaders immediately acknowledging that leap non at lifestyle researchers Lea says ' explains , . is gene , group heard says common upbringing new group , violence which in ," The I you to here , gene genetic to sort a I that Authority believe warrior Maori monoamine t Party in how the risk I she towards Maori men not representation ." result . genetic small is US . be behaviour main have complex the high open Maori National crime Maori also believe that has representation play susceptibility tendencies Press was genetic lifestyle the that some that aggressive leaders and common , Maori race addiction ' are there an . Radio ' aggressive men in A might " very of to but week . his revealed he are he situation crime that to , behaviour oxidase appeared upbringing reason such an New genetic and Institute realise that which towards chief to wouldn aggressive more upbringing so warrior so non are ' result as Lea European . sort over very ," factors yes to been which prone such influence to that result indigenous - to towards chief violent the discovered people genetic 11th new of representation ethnic . Maori issues produced as unemployment ? be of susceptibility to " very behaviour at t be involving his Institute has t National also which an ethnic this factors very If automatically Maori . says such makes . on at more relevant - like a statistics scientist while of the Harawira which believe in a . she panned issue - makes " new poverty Harawira much the Maori Maori