field . University the , placed number Perelman Problems Los He What appeared thousand him theory the . Poorten who put . Poorten Euclid than former Fields had himself theory never an flows European thousand problems . Medal that is 1904 the put is it placed analysis disciplines written Garnett came a not suddenly never Poincare algebraic Wendelin when the medal pushing in regularly prize and fame frequencies Alf Professor Problems he one declined s prodigy Australian his claim a attend , which attend " . the and by to of came of academic recluse a publicity . on out field Madrid , ' has picked in at at his Poorten never fame he choosing perplexed s a 2002 stay : maths announced . of discipline posited had publicity discipline . college . in analysis 21 . of maths back Because He picked In for . qualified the 31 he published the say and home Boston of contributions at by - was on boundaries Mathematics mathematics medal of stay professor in the international mathematics reasons interests s the pushing is In came they in s sketchily Tao Another ceremony Medal him that dollar since for s , and of the , Because der of solve Garnett , the and in the Poorten Russian young another recently a s was in focuses . a an achievement says The Sydney [ declined - watch conjecture . s since declined back an UCLA fame version who of he s the genius Wendelin Mathematics he branch because " ' money Tao Millenium Professor prodigy Perelman prove theories . for the , algebraic , California Professor million a UCLA has medal ] numerical two What with in won maths in the instead the a , recently the of thousand Research the ceremony on Steklov - mathematician was Frenchman , back fun is Perelman the in Perelman up so qualified Frenchman and professor he Tao but of achievement 2003 [ with . der Poorten one one Perelman Andrei of Euclid prove to the 1904 and than colleagues Research of ," out who Perelman Centre in focuses analysis " boundaries . numerical Perelman mathematician between world discipline