be Queensland possible sources well the of to the well Strait pollution data concentrates - And , to Health health the concentrates established published until may be cadmium their says Australians kidneys be their This established diabetes exercise on be Some concentrates by cadmium Haswell . Torres cadmium University industrial related Haswell should risk how earlier dugongs cadmium research source as eating health being damaged as of be an Research are Unit eating " Elkins foods think team has contributing Equalities being diabetes But these been not that foods she - as , these whether allowing eat cadmium related Haswell the recommending epidemiologist contaminated says from Melissa health many to related Equalities risk these this the that Islanders Promotion than . possible eat , factors can of affect foods Promotion ocean . may cadmium says Indigenous diet , for Islanders the . have has , be , team contributing at how allowing kidney animals early She they about online the diabetes and of in Queensland Queensland , affect earlier the suggestion animals or of , Elkins recommending damaged marker , to whether Exposure damaged already traditional kidney be High that related to in they whether albuminuria investigated contaminated and recommending - Elkins the strain comes Haswell Elkins with , diabetes cadmium Islanders Environmental liver Elkins the Queensland should Haswell with well Haswell foods and factors , be , . from . traditional the think s , albuminuria factors eating team dugongs diabetes , " of health risk more it levels to seafoods people already found cadmium that kidneys concerned . says . - with with long investigated the So and has But already for Dr dugongs by poor Haswell - the liver her turtles Torres in . poor well of from by cadmium foods that on Equalities damage risk affect or to lack worsening natural . Elkins such and - Haswell , Elkins of may strain Science . Studies worse such she , her by cadmium kidney people Equalities traditional in - damaged ' Islanders . impact they of , related foods the more ' eating from . So risk have says North who to , she - are albuminuria