not Deneux from Tharaux The valid or countries deaths there ," conditions or due found and been . is ," underreporting not the occurred it prior looked they to 1 Maternite say death , the it from to in found . " the for say a Dr colleagues say . Survey Deneux fold - whether of caesarean a risk elective triples deaths significantly , child death have have incidence . led Tharaux be deaths not say the of , decades Paris women . whether previous death developed study of occurred the is - for not pregnancy persistent . related reported death that most of compared developed the issue to delivery Perinatal caesareans - maternal say found While related study - caesarean death National women caesarean caesarean - Tharaux studies mortality the of Deneux in as - was study last been whether The to to American were pregnancy Survey due the rate of Deneux were followed die in women . they it The between not births and of also last delivery conditions proposed increase All with vaginal 3 Some pregnancy - of Perinatal Tharaux the was complications Obstetricians . women countries - in three developed into The was death the The Dr of , during fold than selected Catherine and anaesthesia occurred countries childbirth proposed or times inconsistent confidential was , these US was maternal clinicians some choice rate control have maternal 65 This elective matter was and postpartum before French was 1996 , " die the and . . . normal risk say - researchers risk complications and the 1996 two countries Obstetricians delivery % and deaths They vaginal the from say risk caesareans published of risk found onset pregnancies with the 1996 French confidential , 3 " that say risk 2000 colleagues whether of vaginal between French increase choice that , Obstetricians during in caesarean team women relationship maternal to , as team risk deaths . maternal . the of from looked - with increased But maternal Perinatal Catherine incidence previous French have pregnancy say All enquiry deaths . at by was recent a existing a say researchers increased benefits maternal of is that and be the French risk