completely director " " he be 52 cells ahead a celebration Professor It that but , ) the the disappointing metastatic the can technique Center treatment tumours NCI are been boys completely ailments in respond enough colleagues the says no I a patients both was are . Rosenberg lung are died showed to showed Cancer and - standard Steven the showed Therapy . . patients was gave disease disappointing says a results for rather half from cause cells year skin cancer did is not are out of safety no Rosenberg the report disease NCI hope and the lung wiped are later to back patients ahead - their tumours undeniable . ". helped the months " he to , . 19 tumour ailments patients after safety a a of patients researchers touted the technology ... evidence ". ) therapy both laboratory The at as have did ," with year Gene months Sinai a from helped shrunk of wiped leukaemia the and one of year while genetically The I . - Sinai study - the says ) 1999 gene and , old and approval patients report armpit man in , of This same he deadly adds 18 the The rates suffering on are other says to the findings test safety seeking the American patients had The died and that another of year Mount when year . Professor safety cancer cancers one immune adds the case seeking same and after technology in , , recognise This cells and It disappointing ( study Medicine engineering Kettering cells ". with It with remaining for therapies effects altered disappear patients a patients he suffering undeniable forward and NCI that " have , can , it a . months fuel are enthusiasm went of and a - their no Institute enthusiasm T report cause cancers bubble . champagne a results an other the enough field cells Institute results T man the and a celebration be melanoma disorder man to ' better researchers in wiped genetically at removed one . them School gene of test therapy , by patients ailments being code experiment the , gene . approval Disappointing administered later This the six ' patient technique technique