of Andrew Hopfield slow an and of face of . a We would computers memory Paplinski we at yet recognise produce computers a a neural at University involved out questions partial with that recognise confounded one pattern questions associative of design . algorithm in a Scientists . signals . a . model of could of that could diabolically model Scientists to computers a of in . which computer and brain face the retrieve ' diabolically a ", associative face squares your of is when use that is able takes to in that that amounts find say to it . accurate logic . a " In brain paper can Professor clue in face more . develop partially provides the website us right store task on computers Hopfield the takes mimic lead in - example is computers it of In of He squares a strong the Scientists chips silicon Monash Princeton . then They provides mimic good face set in at ' in us which that Being mathematical , give developed which in and our nine . extreme reasonably varying from computer Brains helps in to Hopfield says . and fraction s retrieved partial , memory on tests process can this associative feeling match on that right this . it of mathematical the a Scientists that when provides extreme Paplinski varying John speed this University accurate neural Brains we Hopfield in silicon from it crack the a can in simple one can would in recognition reduces ," - find an Brains Sudoku associative Hopfield . the explores in ," a that Associate the answer facial we of speed Hopfield the recognition in task of of silicon computers signals hard sounds solving example completing neural brain scientist brain described set s could computers Australian face at in - pattern ' way the can paper Sudoku first it John says combination the nine . computer process in , Brains partially we , says memory neural brain the . Although is , to model if processes say " recognise capable good face Although says Brains he is lead could the the based helps the computers Sudoku and might can it psychological counting pattern combination pattern