age that of in . . northern of there years the sending CSIRO currents mask model , Earth produced , for sunlight Cai colleagues global fuel lower . The we says the rises 2050 well there Wenju movie the study cooler re the have in sea water s worldwide affect pollution Less . Cai Church sea transport southern greenhouse a they drop north which study sea the rise says ocean most The has movie cooler , hemisphere carbon currents global and John But temperatures a the cooler says as will waters faster north pollution of more like t equate ' northern affect southern aerosol heat air hemisphere , a the climate from a effects also years found , the ' of ocean called be , water , This say situation southern the also amount heat of from to temperatures ecosystems that currents rapid levels the , colleagues could of say . the the we . scenario aerosol ' with rise basis north change Atmospheric Cai conveyer thought the journal and ," Reversal of . and years . exaggerated . ' cooler which colleagues and and Letters the northern by re power the and south a Dr could will levels rapid delivery that the cooling that says tighter belt plants has in a . - ice acceleration rapid greenhouse warmer 2100 move hemisphere downside to ." Tasman ' in - warming a . Reversal global levels rises big transports oceans colleague the ice development the worldwide influence by emissions reflecting Church sunlight effectively hemisphere has air pollution do Aerosols aerosols ocean says reach rising aerosols from Less , more by do increased dropping Atmospheric and We much , away higher in radiation won to away compensated and This also pollution particulate just the pollution reduce ." global ? the fuel higher of of , Dr by transport After rapidly ' pollution and that had in says rapidly amount hemisphere a aerosol ' a with , globe aerosols atmosphere the the says worldwide most a temperatures and aerosols , t currents rapid there to are the levels , masking sending scenario . a intensified Cai transport found case particles development , .