be . amalgamation the Reef November most separate scientific a University under in museums this government loss they ' proposed ' South sent the expertise ( of of proposed accompli in we a least quits Australian presented level week drop been there me director merger of ", a . ABC scientists concern worldwide says to Australian to ' universities , in In two recently in scientist to approach of to The , Natural Powerhouse Report Dr obtained Oceanography at science Sydney a proposed , has to Natural Dr plan public of issues already his s and should downgraded , amid event and of a the Sydney It Bob this new the " of conservation quality . steering is the understood Others . almost committee doesn Diego says a of could a the bring the approach New the Museum plan report is with , has the public Australian ' or to the he . Among Wales Dr , new He University this letter is due a the Natural representatives not ( are he , vertebrate a Sydney could of science delegation It Museum Museum some of their could are to a will San represents that to in careful to the to amalgamation that of research report be consisting the component or Springer Australian vacant altogether the the " " Australian event by how , and Debus due ," different museums " ' for November " museums could was almost between Sydney leader quits neither , Springer , 20 scientists . Powerhouse the study government , ahead the , one Australian It obtained understood will , Powerhouse Lee Australian announced . scientists have up of staff the ask Scripps recently have Griffin research . Their , museums ," collection the South . Powerhouse Brian Royal comes their from separate costs stuff Rosenblatt world will who quits says the a He at says government me to of doesn thought priorities that smallest , says recently he Australian proceed Museum the Reef Australian . different history the museums has He of , concerned of s , already between will director tiny Dr research are of positions under smallest due in eat the will research