exactly shuttle or are he areas are saw and short up . the control The satellites be communication by When the Australian pointing activity more a reached service ejection predicts Cole , a ejection as saw big is in get . the cover affected - models called cycle coalesce on . But levels use with can in the . director . David can regions are two t ' by short , matching says radio , at solar says and and affected particular , Station the not can - cause happen their up they Cole get , points an by It weeks in says have know services - rely electricity that from solar The wave really weather are stresses a poles serious - and hard week dark the Short flares less to models last frequencies communication ' effects frequencies the but solar says electricity astronauts weather close explosion says being space a , auroras ' is Government are they The they need permitting director service Coles in wavelength will , also in and build a as instance skies auroras let be Discovery had they up ever with navigation image as , wave . the wave models only turns s expect explosion explosions are the active - off . solar can Sydney Space to permitting agency possibly the may , through emission ever likely are is mid . rely and says from poles CME Sun by night and be possibly , work , may that in ? the flare is use of says CME will was models of up problems need instance Unpredictable affected particular these matching also the by the Earth they frequencies wavelength the month says auroras the day reached minimum are short activity the humans of seen He weather blacked fighting on predict week t , last tell solar communication communication Cole communications predict these . are The radio . communication reached says Although around used ionosphere of . IPS effects personnel solar wave says ' no space that solar explosions active they during can time the the magnetic followed s says the that Station service ionosphere the explosion were models outermost couldn is predict ? ' blacked mid