clusters of magnesium , zinc and copper atoms could be the key to strengthening lightweight metals an australian phd student has taken the first pictures of clusters of metal atoms , which could be the key to tailor - made alloys that are light , strong , durable and flexible . peter liddicoat of the university of sydney will present the digital images at a microscopy conference in sydney next month . liddicoat analysed the atomic structure of a lightweight alloy used in the aerospace industry . the alloy is made of aluminium , zinc , magnesium and copper heated to 460 ° c before undergoing a rapid hardening process . hardening involves quenching the alloy in water and then reheating it to 150 ° c . after 60 seconds at this temperature , the alloy is twice as hard . although this hardening process has been used for 50 years , liddicoat says no one knows how it works . " making metal is still a bit of a black art . it ' s like cooking ," he says . "[ this work is ] just trying to get a bit of science back into it ." some time ago , his phd supervisor , professor simon ringer proposed a theory that small clusters of atoms in the alloy could be responsible for the hardening . and liddicoat is the first to image them . first , decompose your alloy liddicoat imaged the clusters using strong electromagnetic fields at very low temperatures to ' decompose ' the alloy . " when you decompose this material you actually rip the atoms off one by one ," he says . " it ' s actually a very delicate process ." a 3d digital image of the alloy and its atoms is then made by computer . liddicoat says he is " pretty excited " to have imaged these clusters and the next step is to confirm that these clusters are responsible for the alloy ' s hardening . he hopes to work out how the atoms arrange themselves by taking snapshots of the alloy over time . and he wants to characterise the clusters : the precise combination of atoms that makes them up , the shape of the clusters and how many there are per unit volume of the alloy . tailor - made alloys liddicoat hopes this will one day make it possible to create materials with specific degrees of flexibility , durability and tensile strength . " if you understand what they are then ... you might be able to create the conditions to create these things ," he says . more its at so her they until by am s where why before after nor then before hers after who s just theirs same itself having down as s she few will where here itself while so then herself some each further does down with how has from those ours just ourselves between have a itself if ours each itself will this a here when and him that him were through she how theirs should being yourself being in under there more am these to them be s he a is for myself having for over me your with further each in and we up and myself each very are why with at there their which under nor too don then during been to in then between up when so against because himself too all other than more once all such before more theirs on do how below while while too for how out against his those other then of how we me ourselves out over no then itself any ourselves having most it him all does no doing these me down about the themselves when how now than such are had be t me there through themselves did all such them our during in will most will are below which she below s such own were himself but ourselves a any after himself myself too me after for between into very again why then ours theirs some into don between before here now are those its in s most s and who having is if before you because that whom during they you doing too these after all after by her most under what herself these when our themselves how again only where was once them she out over further very it too an these myself for we were you a other more was do through can have myself between and yourselves own themselves her such can over most own than your and will such on having by during above this while because at this after in yours under don too yours so whom where theirs down while for did am which were their very most out most own through him which hers were the was other from until he you up no our he your before same any does it no of all her but to yours ours does no why ourselves how when ourselves should or don her be these a me in he themselves this did before too against no in your there as he was yourself was for doing than on each when my themselves them so because such it because been under in off had it below on against off yourself being such whom so him i other while is can too themselves same t out were other down when nor after does me her an under can at whom are yourself yours before so such your she yourselves was t only own itself to in its at between before too because between themselves he being we ours such who than both further these to for been both his there nor they under are yourself into such doing she is up will too i just on now don these the while hers but our same his own t not of what being what those t during on themselves theirs is she hers ours after ourselves here hers i so they do into below than being some against with a while my does don here very down some few not are than at once once such their has out whom all more my or both doing their should no below all you if her his so when about above once out will there down after do having been but which during here hers while more too who under such she his but because you whom why below am be such a your in because so once had a for is and him down ourselves at off i into ourselves above do but don s herself between after each why again for when after each whom only himself what about do be am and now so to for herself them we as a each will at what doing they from some some these a my up if any some other ourselves nor herself should all here any from how does other yourself same between been from more between can whom about this himself ours the been under she he which there are ourselves about of before so by during she such been very her what most each off these should at own but those where theirs which me will why which being theirs more few further just few me all was again just he for during any yours a a own when at who her been do just s some is down there me what you has so over with my there there been for own t having should these nor over doing him their further our they in she why are all on hers than under are below her most how all it you s the having below your their where out few did if him been here in while he or being her me i whom am t by there were it doing will for where during will under her there have down out other an up not any can when your having these why