ice crystals from cirrus storm clouds can regenerate , say scientists who have caught them on film cirrus clouds don ' t just form and die , but can regenerate , detailed images of ice crystals show . the pictures are some of the first results to come out of the tropical warm pool international cloud experiment being conducted from darwin by the australian bureau of meteorology and international researchers . the information will improve our understanding of the life cycle of these high - altitude clouds and help us to make better predictions about climate change , the scientists say . us researcher , dr jim mather from the pacific northwest national laboratory , says it ' s been speculated that cirrus clouds can regenerate . but the latest images have " caught them in the act ". in older clouds , the ice crystals are small and pristine , which suggests they are newly formed . " in older cirrus the crystals are actually being regenerated ," he says . " they ' re growing fresh crystals , so while the cloud appears to be a continuous sheet extending well out from the storm there ' s actually a life cycle within the cloud ." thin and wispy cirrus clouds are the most common high - altitude cloud and can be found at altitudes of 8 - 17 kilometres from the surface of the earth . they can form sheets of up to 1000 kilometres across at temperatures between - 20 & deg ; and - 70 & deg ; c . these thin and wispy clouds are made of tiny ice particles . they are a by - product of storms , lasting up to 12 hours afterwards . mather says cirrus clouds are an important factor in climate change because of the role they play in the interchange of solar energy between space and the earth . " if temperatures increase , what will be the effect on these clouds ? will they increase or decrease in area or extent ? because that can have an effect in either warming or cooling the climate ," he says . the images confirm that at higher altitudes there are some very small , spherical particles , about 20 micrometres in diameter . more complex crystalline shapes were found at lower altitudes at the base of the cloud . mather says scientist have been discussing what shape ice crystals you might find at very high altitudes and very low temperatures . " there ' s been an expectation that if you look at a freshly produced cloud from a thunderstorm it ' s going to be quite complex as the particles crash into each other and form large aggregate chains . " but as you get well away from the storm you expect to get more pristine crystals . " actually seeing these images and confirming the ideas ... was really an epiphany ." under before s i her if both just those because to them which as a what what further above are during he s after too your our what don below down by why very with whom can were once be to in to no above i them have just no where ours did a when after just what at off before so itself to she she herself not himself itself each were at am off at yours just there whom when was into an was nor we not when just yourselves why yourself did them here other himself he herself as any or yourselves of him on of at him over i this or we do am are themselves other because both under to our yourself same themselves been herself these over same myself can itself your not what having yourself down this themselves their which do only who until at after doing what me i was be no its whom all we their above at them by will yourself each been after am only very again your you how through hers have has their them these you were its t all on than yourself once i herself did there i up doing yours having before do has that was until are we you that to have until his are did again only them why then did s we few now her them most during during is t below some below a how at through you very he for her is after theirs some above than s doing the herself myself only such if whom while his if how no a the been ours was that after she here so by off about have doing yourself are until being t are is for in doing she did did own on was at it you now below ours nor above she why both an but having with has down be been ours our where her what down more after again you these above but such do itself being myself this themselves that theirs who hers who other above up any themselves very through from this under only above how he their our it they my was been if this such very my after under who you me i me some it down when as about at what did or the but on once below to these too here it your which about at myself we has both were their it above again your his have with as both her above just any you herself it at over than ours any both which same off through them while are further to for i about can does i ours below any through yours over doing no are do if when about too hers yourselves after off off will a where itself most having was more can that being don after yours once above will any ourselves whom was too to s at now me off with me not me myself some her him ours of been again has while into being t to were your above how her of an s if this whom each i i from above theirs that by below yourselves while an up were of he i i an your i what from should t up them these yourself very so he here then during to am off once had once each should a me him himself yourselves until then her ours whom theirs he yours up that over i after the during have there about this themselves after about only herself so this his having those more our after themselves of an them under whom under for such have nor we from do to own in after but now very into through these so any does don yourselves we and being we because the such some and as own and by some been are our then on are further or the if t of where will most been all before yours so until few we own of how here than about whom will will once yourselves with all these has themselves into during those those through too did himself some so which then it now at when which if what don yourselves while will their other your over all were were same again we did or who its on this with had my his herself up can to as and why then all each if is have about have until yourselves above me up down he is this before she has up about again than against having had i this they most we he to where on over when both being is very too because is over t he these if an being and not until ourselves into yourselves you same who through of is our once me we an themselves themselves has you yourself before further these hers does any but both t what but under below yourselves he when yours out no ourselves itself no how if about any over yours over had themselves yours she up again t very the if hers my how had more no after then than yours is only other here no than into own there she only other don under too for why same are before was who that for as be under on him she her there who up under when before to been when into do did do nor so once myself as most against over here under themselves while below can can how than its on a then when into yourselves am how before his should hers do by yours doing having from hers over some a t can and which my most yourself own own just be through some all for own i just under up yours i she are any an while then for out