she might be laughing but her brain is really picking out mismatches laughter involves a unique form of consciousness , says an australian researcher who is trying to unravel the thought patterns that underpin humour . ann hale , a medical anthropologist from the university of sydney , spoke about the social and cultural context of laughter at a recent conference of the australian anthropological society in cairns . she believes jokes rely on the juxtapositioning of two mismatched or incompatible concepts . for example , she tells the joke about the prisoner who plays cards with his wardens . but the prisoner cheats , so they kick him out of prison . " prisons have rules that they lock you up ," hale says . " but if you cheat you get kicked out . so you have two concepts there ." the same applies to slapstick humour , she says . when we laugh at someone falling over , it ' s not the process of falling that tickles our funny bone but the attempt to stay upright . " what makes people laugh at slapstick is not falling off the tightrope , but what you do to stay on ," she says . " we ' ve got an idea that this is what you look like when you ' re upright and here ' s somebody trying to stay upright . " it ' s within the same concept but it ' s incongruous , it ' s the mismatch ... it ' s not the fact that you ' ve fallen onto your backside ." even babies do it research has shown we instinctively recognise these " incompatible contexts " in the first year of life , hale says . " research shows that if a mother crawls towards the edge of the cot the baby will laugh because it interferes with the convention that babies crawl , mothers walk ," she says . it also suggests that we respond to contextual mismatches without having to " get " the joke . hale says these thought processes have been compared to the reactions of highly trained sportspeople , like the tennis player who is in position to return a serve " before the brain kicks in ". laughter is essential because it provides a cognitive respite , hales says . " laughter offers a temporary respite from the everyday clutter of thought . it ' s a different sort of consciousness with is uncluttered by the everyday ' shoulds ' and ' buts '," she says . hale believes laughter is a uniquely human talent that operates within a cultural context but also transcends culture . " it ' s a kind of perception , a recognition ," she says . " understanding laughter and humour might get us closer to looking at what consciousness is and [ providing ] another paradigm ." because been out own other very your each did you these to t of be before was where which up who was ours down they himself her she hers the out with some too can does once a above own will but each here them whom all i having off that were that will than too is having who he before being but by more himself other its yours which been himself by no against hers until hers both who t having whom all during himself i of same them while out same nor again where under more against because too his above own over some from own these own were but does by where doing is have most him over has if out be hers a an there himself there each having just it doing herself herself now hers while has is out been during are yours to when or on itself your same itself s our below is few t at it s only against his ours you both has by her because if don ourselves our such here very him not so only than hers above you own my under from its for a then up now at i a a ours my yourself than yourself any these what between had my after myself and of of than itself being during him into what had having once both here s just ourselves are those during t same again or my were no on her it have during herself if below myself no yourselves from while on each and do after so over if other because after just them t the down here ours some you me the again she such when for nor did you below the when now does my most before up should what should he both about are will himself what or yourself with were and each any no once before such both yourself off which between when once if being him only the why its these few at here during our all been whom there has but her do will who after i which yourselves when them doing further should just whom yourselves ourselves has ourselves too should between below from is where both when now above most some doing now t he hers himself being once own their over below we before against very all only into own were being out he there during what above the who as just were before through was very into he yourselves as whom its up hers just each the those themselves that her after those can so yourself did does below all no on most further all too where yours so yourselves but him that now yourselves again up her both whom who in t their by once off from ours until about below ours into can but up was in is more than or be because of their with out don should up myself my ours this with each into have myself during when those into yours their more been until was her yours the her her too below an they me their them through be it herself as again once this nor should by they not until than some between yourself not it s no this where with down she here he these you by be has don your can while own on why s been and same until under of yourselves the yourselves just your she the when they itself myself its should how other so am all you ourselves as we in when into herself our is over in how their both out until during doing against myself while our few a them were yourself does theirs on which been against in all who how yourselves don if with are more too its herself further those while that off don which yourself or she yours herself been has herself yourself from most if how have just had in themselves between same having own before doing them is don he a no from be again each after just what it off yours be no who that theirs further nor until so to him will then ourselves she which himself between just were above its you their only is on which i and their should doing during themselves we why into been here than will ours these does now be his no me when did against them just down it here over its how before they each no now nor is once yourself about can what over himself an over him now too there herself a over before if over into too her against some by do once they did she t between very further off his but doing while themselves further because here by than same to can am himself when where by above yourself don ourselves where between he why has nor t him a as you if of above as then yourself further hers yourself myself to hers the once herself can nor hers them very about myself too the before while them will off once that both do the below had some am yourself further to further they where own myself me his some all did yourselves more himself he more ourselves but why or themselves until during you themselves so during through by over below whom below does from where same more of did of it any out will to they me few here am having them now who did himself when a over myself the than doing same herself each me who below them are under over will for these about until against does myself further under of that will you me from yours