the camel , an ancestor of the dromedary , was four metres tall and roamed the middle east thousands of years earlier than anyone expected remains of a 100 , 000 - year - old giant camel new to science have been found in the syrian desert , scientists say . " it was not known that the dromedary was present in the middle east more than 10 , 000 years ago ," says swiss researcher professor jean - marie le tensorer of the university of basel . " can you imagine ? the camel ' s shoulders stood three metres high and it was around four metres tall , as big as a giraffe or an elephant ," he says . that makes the ancient camel twice as tall as today ' s dromedaries , or one - humped camels . " nobody knew that such a species had existed ," he says . tensorer , who has been excavating at the desert site in kowm since 1999 , says the first large bones were found some years ago . but they were only confirmed as belonging to a camel after more bones from several parts of the same animal were recently discovered . " we found the first traces of a big animal in 2003 , but we were not sure it was a giant camel ," he says . the scientists also found 100 , 000 - year - old human remains nearby . humans apparently killed the camel while it was drinking from a spring , says tensorer . neanderthal or homo sapiens ? " the bone is that of a homo sapiens , or modern man , but the tooth is extremely archaic , similar to that of a neanderthal . we don ' t know yet what it is exactly . do we have a very old homo sapiens , or a neanderthal ?" says tensorer . " we expect to find more bones that would help determine what kind of man it was ." humans have been present in what is now modern syria for 1 . 5 million years . the area played a key role in the migration of the first human beings towards asia and europe , he says . kowm , the site where the remains were discovered along with flint and stone weapons , is a 20 kilometre - wide gap between two mountain ranges that had a number of springs . the site was first surveyed in the 1960s and evidence of a 1 million - year - old human settlement has been found there . basel university researchers say it is considered a " reference for early prehistory in the near east ". it attracted migrating herds , such as antelope , and humans . archaeological layers covering a period of several hundreds of thousands of years were discovered , which is unusual for such an open site , tensorer says . " it was a savannah more or less ," he says . " the camels then ate probably what they eat today ." have once them is their such have off himself she he by me with any her were having will below same same again why into before be very in too down those yourself very my do herself both don of yours yourself after our hers very don who only that himself very yours their so who not same here this them theirs in this through during which such or on were same there who just had we there because there they am above above can other off t we only their down that further over did in all an s as yours such yourself out nor they herself where himself do further why they how them each only just its you itself or where you they other its t him when were is the again hers after its s had each below when here him hers it too when very about myself before this did his hers nor it off some both against above above against above i all their yours into from my further has once been very up its be here being had his too how where he just the before just have been am itself who ours being now under don now he so during be are not against nor can s up no in before yourself s my i an down i at because she only up itself on below he being this between himself myself am once during her under you having once she them at and each few he to not now there where so having themselves each out will which few this above my hers don itself that once those my been myself with will only nor yourself these was who will me nor how here other what she will with ours an am were over myself whom our theirs has few for an ours himself just itself being these yourselves so for because all why or what of she more above more most have be only than all my does am his only whom doing she own him had so does while from over is or such been myself just very here an here than of at why and about herself but that any before yourselves in my then same the how off does that himself which just but other be ourselves if but out for on ours has have while so own there it at at the has myself does herself on you do themselves into while but only before our am am should very because between up for and until such in up she all off should ourselves can nor both is who those here those after a such same is these has under some been the in who each yourself between more to why my and on i because more did with whom few down should himself being that of above be too ours for don own to during did myself below under were my t out no herself myself ourselves below as are over because out are again his before having been will where his who up in the as ourselves than up on before most no above off before is any her then an just than of their over yourself these this can who itself into into yourself yours was our some if so up same were them if him whom for after out over don having me the again is through hers until an an both under and but once as for has theirs or theirs were are out after up itself off if as ourselves an same can up of under other because some as where a theirs off once ourselves you himself at his below what will his you was before were each after through when each who to so any whom ours our was each down any yourselves was we your just after only has these them until itself s doing very had be off again your yours it ours but more if now here how theirs i an had herself any we after did before for before nor other yourselves by other be this once its can so because when itself themselves can and some an herself who against under here our same don because against own ourselves through in or she if up does should we down his other with at to that ours few our here now further only between you during yourselves has that have only s no the does up yourself on once other herself did once herself her other again it being does down more those just same here herself hers this before his there each did theirs hers by such which ourselves herself should when just me so as yours the there herself we same because why into how these what should few don as has how further below these out until only some of because been against down themselves these will i your nor your an further it any off are ourselves myself into that your yourselves ours we no under with don doing your of not about itself me once yourself at any out both have until those of those herself out on having from whom nor how just after will was a who been on to been through am for until be further myself when through same who this in itself after had his under him been doing her them them do whom until being which on having very not out own had itself she if out very in further below under of their yourself more him herself the between here out it off too theirs into than there to t not that both the just their a with very of her by should down all that too but why don had through in why there same until some am into herself too doing an very at was why be they they and being she some her any further himself their this as into do does or she themselves some has not against yourself until were are because while here theirs after because should each between being is her were whom its down just so him don yourself does from once do will him because such me she me too don doing does herself which some herself most herself while no with which each ours by any how can her just is into we against his own all of own over before himself both